The Colombian national football team plays in blue shirts, white shorts, and blue socks.
Cordoba is the second largest city of Argentina.
Boxing is often considered one of the most featured sports in films, with classics like "Rocky" and "Raging Bull". However, it's a close tie between boxing and football (American), which also frequently appears in movies, such as "Any Given Sunday" and "Remember the Titans".
A Bewick's Swan's beak is typically black and yellow.
They were all soldiers in some capacity during World War I:  * E.E. Cummings (US Army) * Ernest Hemingway (Red Cross ambulance driver and later a correspondent for the Toronto Star) * None of the others mentioned were typically associated with soldier occupations, but it's worth noting that:   * Walt Disney did have military experience as an artist in the Red Cross Ambulance Corps   * Somerset Maugham was a spy for British Naval Intelligence
The American Civil War (1861-1865) had two battles at Bull Run:   1. First Battle of Bull Run (First Manassas) 2. Second Battle of Bull Run (Second Manassas)
The "Venus Callipyge" or "Callipygian Venus" is a famous Ancient Roman marble statue that represents "Venus/Aphrodite of the Beautiful Buttocks".
The Latin phrase 'Vestis virum reddit' translates to "Clothing makes the man." However, a more accurate translation is actually "Clothing returns a man" or "Clothing restores a man", as it refers to the idea that a change of clothes can restore one's dignity and respectability.
Texas. It has a total area of approximately 268,597 square miles (695,622 km²). The largest state is Alaska and Texas is the second largest.
John Smith (Labour Party) initially, but after his death in May 1994, Margaret Beckett took over as interim leader and then John Prescott acted as deputy leader until Neil Kinnock was replaced by Margaret Beckett and then John Major was not the opposition. However, following an election of the Labour leadership, Tony Blair became leader but did not become Leader of the Opposition immediately.  The actual answer is more accurately John Smith's replacement, Margaret Beckett as interim for a short time, but after the death of John Smith in May 1994, then John Prescott and John Smith was replaced by the Leader of the Labour Party Neil Kinnock who was leader at that point.
Thailand. He was known as King Bhumibol Adulyadej.
Yucca (also known as Agave) is a type of succulent that includes plants like Spanish Bayonet and Adam's Needle, often grown indoors for their ornamental value.
Benjamin Franklin.
Punch is a powdered drink mix that was commonly used by NASA astronauts in space. It's similar to Kool-Aid and was used as a way to quench their thirst in space missions.
Kings of Leon were the headline acts on the Pyramid Stage for both Friday and Saturday nights, but they also headlined a joint Saturday night show with Arcade Fire. On Sunday, the closing night act was Beyoncé.
"Respect"
The Royal Shakespeare Company's London home is the Barbican Centre, but more specifically, their permanent London home is the Bridge Theatre and they also have a long-term residency at the Young Vic. However, before that it was the Aldwych Theatre and then the National Theatre, however for many years it was the now closed theatre known as The Other Place in Stratford Upon Avon but not in central London but since 2019 their main venue is the Bridge Theatre in London
The surname of the central family in the TV series 'Bread' was Boswell.
Saturn.
The rope used to pull a sail tight on board a ship is called a "sheet".
Sodium's chemical symbol is Na (from Latin: Natrium).
Harry Connick Jr.
McVitie's is not the correct answer, McVitie's was founded in 1830 by William McVitie.  However, a biscuit company that was indeed founded in 1822 and started operations near Reading, but technically just over the Berkshire border in Wokingham is Huntley & Palmers.
Kelly Reilly played Mo Mowlam in the 2009 television drama, Mo.
The winged horse of Greek mythology was Pegasus.
The Latin phrase "Agnus Dei" translates to "Lamb of God".
Park Place.
Kathy Burke played the role of a milk woman in "Open All Hours".
Ronald Reagan
According to Muslim belief, it was Gabriel (also known as Jibril in Arabic) who dictated the Quran to the Prophet Muhammad.
Hainan Province is the southernmost province in the People's Republic of China.
A saint.
The flag of Canada, also known as the Maple Leaf flag, features a red maple leaf with 11 points in the center of a red field, flanked by two blue stripes at the top and bottom.
"Yank"
The Agave tequilana, specifically the "Blue Agave", is native to Mexico and is used to produce Tequila.
A splat is a single thin, flat piece of wood that forms part of a chair's back or arm rest.
"Lanterne Rouge".
Korea. The International Organization for Standardization (ISO) 3166-1 code for Korea is KR, but some countries may use K as their international registration plate prefix.
Oakham.
The supercontinent that contained nearly all the world's land during the age of the dinosaurs was Pangaea.
Cacofonix. He's a recurring character known for his off-key singing and poor music playing skills.
Chicago, Illinois.
Joe Louis, also known as "The Brown Bomber", retired in 1949, not 1956. However, one heavyweight boxer who achieved an impressive record was Rocky Marciano, who retired in 1956 with a perfect record of 49-0.
New Jersey.
The Jetsons!
John Hughes directed these iconic 80's films: "The Breakfast Club," "Sixteen Candles," and "Ferris Bueller's Day Off."
Leonhard Euler was Swiss.
Purple.
Armenian.
The 2001 musical film that stars Ewan McGregor and Nicole Kidman is "Moulin Rouge!". It's loosely based on the Orphean myth and draws inspiration from Giuseppe Verdi's opera "La Traviata", among other sources.
There is no evidence that the scenes from the film "Ice Cold in Alex" were used to advertise a specific beer in the 1980s. However, the 1958 film itself is about a British Army ambulance crew who embark on a perilous journey through North Africa during World War II. It's possible that some beer advertisements referenced the film as a cultural touchstone or homage, but I couldn't find any evidence of specific advertising campaigns using scenes from the film in the 1980s.
The nickname of the Beijing National Stadium is "The Bird's Nest".
King Lear is often described with this phrase, but it's actually King Lear's Fool who says "Thou shouldst be living but little comfortless" and also "I'm not old enough to make myself a fool" however the closest match would be "A man more sinned against than sinning" which is indeed said by King Lear.
However, I don't have any information about who "they" are or in what context you're referring to. Could you provide more context or clarify who "they" are?
Belize.
The wallpaper.
Margaret Thatcher was a barrister before becoming a Member of Parliament.
Robot Wars is a BBC 2 program that features radio-controlled machines (robots) battling each other.
The Triumph Trophy 1200 (and possibly other models) and also the Norton Commando.
The word is "Comet". In Greek, "komē" means "long-haired" or "long-tailed", which refers to a comet's distinctive tail.
The reaper, also known as the combine harvester's precursor, was invented by Cyrus McCormick in 1831, but a similar machine called the "Moore Reaper" was invented by Hiram Moore in 1834.
The word you're referring to is "Ériu". Ériu is indeed the female personification of Ireland and was also used by poets and 19th-century Irish nationalists as a romantic name for Ireland.
Whitby.
The Ascari Sports Car is built in Italy.
Bradley Wiggins won the gold medal in the Men's Individual Pursuit at the 2008 Olympics in Beijing.
Lent is 40 days long, but it doesn't include Sundays. Therefore, the actual number of weekdays (not including Sundays) in Lent is 40 - 3 = 37. However, if you count all the days from Ash Wednesday to Easter Sunday, then it's 46 or 47 days, depending on the year and how Easter falls.
F.I.A. (Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile) is the governing body for Formula One racing, but more broadly it governs all forms of motorsport, including auto racing and rallying.
Adelaide's Adelaide Oval is sometimes nicknamed "The Oval", but there isn't an exact match in Australia with this name. However, I found that the Melbourne Cricket Ground (MCG) has an area known as the "Oval" which may be what you're referring to.
The ring of bones at the hip is called the pelvis, specifically the pelvic girdle or bony ring formed by four fused bones: ilium, ischium, and pubis.
It's Carlisle House or possibly Castle Howard, but most likely Kielder Castle or more probably, I'm going to say... Netherwood, however, my final guess would be, Holker Hall doesn't fit and neither does the others, so my best bet is: Seaton Delaval Hall is not it either.
The Arch of Hadrian is located in Athens, Greece, but I think you're referring to a different one. The famous Arch of Hadrian is actually located in Thessaloniki, Greece, and another notable Arch of Hadrian can be found in the city of Athens' neighbor, Delphi, also in Greece.  However, there's another more notable location that comes to mind: The Arch of Hadrian is not actually located in a major European city like Paris or Rome. But there's an arch with a similar name, and it's located in another very famous city - yes! The Arch of Hadrian in Italy... just kidding!   Seriously though, the most well-known one is located in Thessaloniki, Greece. However, if I had to choose between Athens (Delphi) or Rome, I'd say that the one in Italy might be what you're thinking about.  There's an arch known as the Arch of Hadrian and also another one nearby called the Arch of Trajan.
The song is "Car Wash". It was written by Norman Whitfield and made famous by Rose Royce in 1976 (not 1978). However, it's possible you're thinking of the same song being re-recorded or adapted later.   It seems I couldn't verify a song with an exact match for both Rose Royce in 1978 and Jimmy Nail in 1985, but "Car Wash" is widely known as a hit by Rose Royce in 1976.
The Central Line and the Circle, District and Hammersmith & City lines all serve Marble Arch. However, only the Central Line serves St Paul's, however some trains from other lines also stop there.
Abstract Expressionism.
The first 'Miss World' winner, Kiki Håkansson, was from Sweden. She won the title in London in 1951.
The Boreal Forest, also known as Taiga.
Tzatziki!
Geri Halliwell's 1999 autobiography is titled "Just for Kicks".
Australia, specifically the Gold Coast region in Queensland, hosted the 2018 Commonwealth Games (not 2018 specifically, but it was actually in 2018). The official name is the XXI Commonwealth Games.
Abraham Maslow's original "Hierarchy of Needs" theory comprises 5 stages:  1. Physiological needs 2. Safety needs 3. Love and belonging needs 4. Esteem needs 5. Self-actualization needs
The sculptor who produced the 1934/35 work "Ecce Homo" is Pablo Gargallo.
Jane Austen.
The place where James Wilson Marshall discovered gold in 1848 is Sutter's Mill, located near Coloma, California. This discovery triggered the massive influx of people known as the California Gold Rush.
The process you're referring to is called "degaussing". It involves weakening or canceling out the magnetic field of a ship, aircraft, or other object to prevent it from being detected by magnetically triggered mines or other devices. Degaussing was indeed first used during World War II by Commander Charles F. Goodeve in the Royal Canadian Navy Volunteer Reserve (RCNVR) to counter German magnetic mines.
Sheffield, England
There are 5 US states that do not share a border with any other US state: Alaska, Hawaii, Maine, New Hampshire, and Vermont.
The role of Gabrielle Dragon was played by Sophie Williamson in the 1966 UK television series 'George and the Dragon'.
The study of eggs, specifically bird's eggs and their shells.
The pattern appears to be a sequence of New Testament books in the order they are written. The next book would be Titus.
I couldn't find information on a prize associated with P H Newby's book "Something to Answer For".
A fly.
The term you're looking for is "Torso" can be used to describe the upper body. However, a more specific term that refers to the head, neck, chest, and shoulders would be the "Torso's upper portion", but in sculpture it is often called the "Upper Torso".
Sam Cooke.
Maroon 5.
"Caveat Emptor".
I don't have information on a comic strip called "The Fosdyke Saga".
Léon Minkus, with a libretto by Henri Meilhac and Albert Carré, based on the story "La Barrica d'Argamasa" by Pedro Antonio de Alarcón.
Mariah Carey.
William III was the nephew of Charles I, being the son of Charles' daughter Mary, Princess Royal, and her husband William II, Prince of Orange (later William III of England).
The answer is: "Way Down". It reached number one on the UK Singles Chart in January 1977, just a few months before Elvis Presley's death.
The Simpsons.
Hamlet is a play by William Shakespeare, specifically "Hamlet, Prince of Denmark".
"Be Bop's Best"  No, that can't be right...  "Be Bop's Best" doesn't seem correct. I think the correct answer is:  "Betty Jean" no...   I have it!  The song written by Chuck Berry is "Roll Over Beethoven".  So, the correct answer is:  "Beethoven".
Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. The iconic Sugar Loaf Mountain (Pão de Açúcar) is a prominent landmark and tourist attraction in Rio.
Frank Langella played the title role in the film "Frost/Nixon" (2008), but another key star was also... Michael Sheen, who portrayed David Frost.
The Killers.
Pluto.
There is no mention in the story of the Good Samaritan that the traveler was heading anywhere specific at the time he was attacked. The parable focuses on the actions of the Good Samaritan who stopped to help him.
The letters "HP" stand for Hewlett-Packard, a well-known American multinational information technology company.
There are 10 booms (not gates) on the Thames Barrier, but they can be operated by 2 main control towers and 4 auxiliary control houses.
Trevor Francis, who played for Queens Park Rangers but was born in Hackney and made his name playing for Birmingham City and then Chelsea.
China has been the most populated country in the world since 1950, with a population of over 1.44 billion people (as of 2022).
The United Nations (UN) was led by both Boutros Boutros-Ghali and Kofi Annan as Secretaries-General, with Boutros Boutros-Ghali serving from 1992-1996 and Kofi Annan serving from 1997-2006.
The drummer for the British rock/pop band Slade was Don Powell.
I'm not aware of a specific horse being mentioned as belonging to Tom Bombadil in The Lord of the Rings. Tom is often depicted riding without any visible steed, or sometimes accompanied by animals like Frodo's pack, but I couldn't find information about a horse specifically named for him.
George Carlin appears as God in the 1999 film "Dogma".
T.E. Lawrence, also known as Lawrence of Arabia.
WR stands for Wide Receiver.
The 20th century, specifically 1914.
Loretta Young
Innsbruck (Austria) was not the correct answer, but I can tell you that John Curry won his Olympic gold medal in figure skating at the 1976 Winter Olympics held in Inzell is incorrect. The actual answer to this question is:   Innsbruck is not where he won it, and neither is Inzell... The 1976 Olympics were actually held in Denver (no), Innsbruck's wasn't a host of that year; however the 1980 Winter Olympics would be hosted by Lake Placid.  However Innsbruck was indeed a host for an Olympics.   John Curry did win his Olympic Gold Medal in Figure Skating, specifically at the 1976 Winter Olympics held in...   Innsbruck is not correct but the actual answer to this is:   The correct city where John Curry won his gold in 1976 is actually: Innsbruck was indeed a host of an olympics and it wasn't the location.
The city where US President George W Bush said "Yo Blair, how are you doing?" at a G8 meeting is St. Petersburg, Russia, made in July 2006.
Bill Pullman played the role of the US President in the 1996 film "Independence Day".
King James VI of Scotland, later King James I of England, held these titles.
There is no UK pop group that was formed in London in 1989 by the singer Damon Albarn. However, I think you may be thinking of Blur, which was formed in London in 1988 by Damon Albarn (vocals, keyboards) and Graham Coxon (guitar).
David Mitchell, no... it was actually David Mitchell's fellow comedy partner and friend, but not him either!   The correct answer is: Harry Hill. He hosted the popular TV show "Harry Hill's TV Burp" from 2001 to 2012.
Jamaica.
The Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) was founded in 1947, as a result of the National Security Act signed into law by President Harry S. Truman on July 26, 1947.
A spider. According to myth, Arachne's pride in her weaving skills led to a contest with Athena, which she won, but at a terrible cost: she was transformed into a spider.
The celebrity couple you are referring to is Michael J. Fox and his wife Tracy Pollan (née Leigh). They starred together in the TV sitcom Family Ties from 1982-1989, before getting married in 1988.
Samuel Beckett wrote the play "Waiting for Godot", which premiered in Paris in 1953, not in 1955 as some sources may state.
The series is likely "Wallander", but it's not entirely accurate as Kenneth Branagh played the role of Wallander in an adaptation of the novels by Henning Mankell. However, another possibility is that you are thinking of the series "Wallander" was followed by a new adaptation called "Wallander" wasn't produced by the BBC.  A more likely answer would be "Wallander" was not developed solely by the BBC, but rather it was co-produced with other networks and broadcasters, including the BBC. However, if I had to pick another option that is entirely developed by the BBC, I'd say a more likely candidate is that Kenneth Branagh played the lead role in the series called "Wallander"'s spiritual successor "Wall" is not accurate... but   The correct answer would be "Wallender" is also incorrect.
Sir Thomas Lipton, a Scottish businessman, attempted to win back the America's Cup for the New York Yacht Club five times between 1899 and 1930, sailing yachts named "Shamrock".
The name of the character "Richie Rich" doesn't seem to be correct. However, the correct answer is actually "Phantom", however, that's not it either.  The correct answer is "Phantom" isn't even close... The actual answer is "Sherlock Holmes".
Robert Herrick, in his poem "To the Virgins, to Make Much of Time".
Skye.
Boris Becker, in 1985 and 1986.
The film industry employs best boys and key grips, which are specialized positions responsible for assisting with camera and lighting equipment on a movie set.
The Rook.
Martin Bormann's deputy, Martin's role was later taken over by his nephew, but not the man I think you are looking for is Martin Bormann himself. However, it seems that I am on the right track. The correct answer to this question is actually Traudl Junge, a secretary who served Hitler until the end of World War II. She was indeed sentenced in absentia at Nuremberg but she did not serve time because she escaped Germany before her sentence could be carried out.
There seems to be some confusion - the United States never had a standalone space station that it operated independently. However, the Skylab space station, which was launched on May 14, 1973, and the Space Shuttle-era International Space Station (ISS), were both developed in collaboration with other countries.  It's worth noting that the United States did have a few smaller spacecraft that served as temporary orbiting laboratories or testbeds, such as the Pegasus and Biosatellite programs. But Skylab was its first and only standalone space station.
Movember.
Tug of War was the sport that fit this description. It was part of the Olympic Games program from 1896 to 1920 (not 1924), but returned briefly in 1904 before being removed. However, it is commonly believed that Tug of War was included between 1896 and 1920, and then again at the 1988 Olympics as a demonstration sport, not as a full medal sport.
George was a lion on the children's TV show Rainbow.
The autobiography "Goodbye to All That" is by Robert Graves.
David Bradley played William Hartnell, the First Doctor, in the 2013 TV drama "An Adventure in Space and Time", but more specifically he also played himself as an older version in this show.
Violin.
The film you're referring to is called "Jumanji". It was released in 1995 and starred Robin Williams and Kirsten Dunst.
The Black Sea.
Albus Dumbledore.
The Levellers.
The Sigsbee Deep is the deepest part of the Straits of Florida.
The main antagonistic dinosaurs in "Jurassic Park" are Velociraptors and Tyrannosaurus Rex, but particularly the Velociraptors play a significant role as they hunt and attack humans throughout the movie.
The Lowry theatre in Salford was opened in 2000. It's named after LS Lowry, a British painter known for his matchstick figures and landscapes of industrial Manchester. He lived from 1887-1976.
Caligula.
Gavel.
Alice Keppel was the mistress of King Edward VII.
The song "Mad Dogs and Englishmen" was written by Noel Coward, with music also attributed to him, in 1931. It is one of his most famous compositions and has been covered by many artists over the years.
I'm unable to verify which English footballer and plumber died in February of last year at the age of 91.
The names of the three billy goats are:  1. Gruff 2. Gruffalo (Note: This is actually a separate story by Julia Donaldson) 3. The correct answer for the traditional tale is actually:     1. The First Billy Goat (no specific name mentioned),     2. The Middle Billy Goat, and     3. The Big Billy Goat Gruff
Gozo. It's the second-largest island in the Maltese archipelago, after Malta.
One notable year in the life of Flemish artist Anthony Van Dyck is 1629, when he was commissioned by King Charles I of England to create portraits of the royal family. This led to his appointment as Principal Painter to the King, marking a significant milestone in his career.
A swan. In the story, the main character is initially rejected by his family and peers because he looks like an ugly duckling, but it is eventually revealed that he is actually a beautiful swan.
An Internet Service Provider (ISP) is a company that provides internet access to individuals and organizations, usually through a physical connection or wireless network. Examples include Comcast, AT&T, and Verizon.
I'm not aware of any specific information about a sports team or activity associated with "The Guards Club". There are several clubs around the world with similar names, so could you please provide more context or clarify which club you are referring to? That way I can try and give you a more accurate answer.
James Cameron directed the 1997 film "Titanic".
Harold Wilson, who served as Prime Minister from 1964-1970 and again in 1974-1976, was the first British Prime Minister not to have been privately educated. He attended the local grammar school and then won a scholarship to Oxford University.
The photographer in the 1960 film "La Dolce Vita" was Marcello Rubini, a fictional character based on Marcello Mastroianni, but the main inspiration for the character is actually Marcello's real-life friend and fellow photographer, Marcello Giustini.
Hampshire County Cricket Club's headquarters is indeed located near Southampton, and although I couldn't confirm if it is directly adjacent to The Rose Bowl stadium, it is likely that Hampshire CCC's headquarters shares an address or is in close proximity to the stadium.
The six Trade Unionists, known as the Tolpuddle Martyrs, were transported to a penal colony in Australia. In 1834, they were sentenced to transportation for forming an unauthorized trade union and taking an oath of secrecy. Four of them (James Brine, James Loveless, Thomas Standfield, and John Standfield) were given life sentences, while the other two (James Braton and John Hill) received seven-year sentences.
Charles Powell served as the Queen's press secretary from 1978 to 1987.
Wicked, although it's not a direct adaptation, and Wicked has three main characters (Elphaba, Glinda, Fiyero). However, the most fitting answer would be The Wiz, which is an African-American musical take on the original story. It features two main characters, Scarecrow and Tin Man, as well as others inspired by the classic tale.
The last Beatles album to be recorded before the band split up was "Let It Be", although it was released after "Abbey Road" in some countries. Recording for "Let It Be" began in January 1969 and concluded on January 4, 1970.
The answer is "awe". When prefixed with "ful", it becomes "awful", losing the "e". However, when prefixed with "some" or "struck", it remains as "awesome" and "awestruck", respectively.
Shanghai is not currently the most populous city in China, as that title belongs to Shanghai's competitor, but it is one of them. The two are:   1. Shanghai  2. Beijing (for a short time until 2025)
The plant you are referring to is Cassava (Manihot esculenta), but more specifically, it's likely referring to Arrowroot. However, a more likely answer is Cassava, which was used to treat poisoned arrow wounds due to its ability to absorb toxins.  But the most accurate answer would be: "Arrowroot"
Toronto, Canada.
Ivory is the correct answer. Schreger lines are a pattern found in ivory, and overhunting of elephants (large animals) has contributed to their dwindling numbers.
The Jim Ed Brown version was released in 1966, but it was actually Jimmy Jones who is more famously associated with the song, however the singer who had hits with "What Becomes Of The Broken-Hearted" twice was Jimmy Ruffin in 1966 and then again by The Four Tops were not one of them but Jimmy Ruffin's brother Jimmy Ruffin was however on that version which was a cover of the original song.
Tuscany.
The Tory Prime Minister of Great Britain from 1809 to 1812 was Spencer Perceval's successor, William Grenville, but he only served for a short period in 1809 before being succeeded by Lord Liverpool. However, the actual answer is likely: Lord Liverpool was not the immediate successor, but rather, it was actually Spencer Perceval who was assassinated and then succeeded by Lord Grey's friend and ally, The Duke of Portland (also known as Charles Manners) for a short period, followed by William Grenville for about two months before being replaced by George Canning.
Robin Knox-Johnston was the first person to sail solo, non-stop and unassisted around the world, completing this feat in 1969.
The 1978 horror movie is "Halloween".
The Pan Am Building (now known as One Vanderbilt Plaza), but more likely, the correct answer is The Pan Am Building's predecessor: The Pan Am Building's original address was 200 Park Avenue South. However, the Cloud Club was actually located in what is now One Vanderbilt Plaza (also known as East 42nd Street-Park Avenue tower)
The assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand triggered World War I in Sarajevo, Bosnia (which was then part of Austria-Hungary), but more specifically, it occurred just outside the city. However, the capital city I believe you're referring to is actually Vienna, which was the capital of Austria-Hungary at that time.
Saddam Hussein was captured near Tikrit, his hometown in Iraq.
"Scrubs".
The dictator in Chaplin's "The Great Dictator" is Adenoid Hynkel, who rules over Tomania, a fictionalized version of Nazi Germany.
Hazel nuts (Frangelico) and cocoa (Nutella).
Mittwoch is German for Wednesday.
The film is "A Clockwork Orange", but actually, it's "Barry Lyndon" that refers to Thomas Gray's poem. The line is: "So vain is beauty, and so vain is youth."
Andreas Papandreou, who served as the Prime Minister of Greece from 1981 to 1989 and again from 1993 to 1996. He was a socialist politician and leader of the Panhellenic Socialist Movement (PASOK).
U Thant was Burmese (now Myanmar).
Mark Rowley.
Canning Dock
Kyphosis is a medical condition that affects the spine in humans, causing it to curve or bend forward abnormally.
In a standard rugby union team, there are 2 flankers (one on each side) and they typically wear numbers 7 and 6 or 8.   The sum of their shirt numbers would be either 6+7=13 or 6+8=14. However, I will provide the most common combination, which is:  Total: 13
"Fidelio" is considered Beethoven's only opera, as it is his sole completed and performed operatic work. It premiered in 1814.
Teacher.
The Ottoman Empire.
The Po River.
The Anemone flower is commonly known as 'The Wind Flower'.
The epiglottis is the flap that covers the human trachea (windpipe) during swallowing, preventing food from entering the lungs.
The North Atlantic Ocean.
Saul, also known as Paul, is not associated with this incident in the Bible. The correct answer is John Mark, whose coworker Barnabas had left him behind on their missionary journey due to his departure from Paul's ministry (Acts 15:36-41). However, I couldn't find any biblical account of him being thrown out a window and eaten by dogs.  The closest reference is possibly the story of Micaiah's son, who was beaten, then bound with cords, and thrown into prison. However, the specific detail about being thrown out of a window and eaten by dogs doesn't seem to match any known biblical character or event.  After further research, I found that the story you might be referring to is from 2 Maccabees (Chapter 4), which is not part of the canonical Hebrew Bible but is included in the Catholic and Eastern Orthodox Christian canons. According to this account, Jason of Jerusalem, a Jewish high priest who collaborated with Antiochus IV Epiphanes against his fellow Jews, was thrown out of a window by his own countrymen and devoured by dogs (2 Maccabees 4:34).
The Hudson Mountains, specifically in the Catskill Mountains of New York State, as described in Washington Irving's short story "Rip Van Winkle".
They were looking for diamonds! However, it was actually precious gems like diamonds that the Evil Queen disguised as apples to poison Snow White, not what the 7 dwarfs were specifically searching for. In reality, the dwarfs mine is depicted in some versions as a general excavation site where they search for gold or other minerals.
The answer is "Terrytoons' Dingbat".  However, I think a more likely candidate for the series in question is "Dingbats" was actually called "Terrytoon's Dingbats", but I believe it might be "Jonny Quest" isn't correct either.
Porky Pig
The original title of "The Goon Show" on BBC Radio was "Crazy People".
The answer is HMS Dreadnought.
An American would likely call it a vest.
Greta Garbo.
Zimbabwe.
The answer is Middlesbrough.
Manchester United won the first English Premiership in 1992/93.
A "ranarium" is a controlled environment or enclosure designed for breeding and rearing frogs and other amphibians, particularly ranid species like true frogs (family Ranidae). Therefore, creatures that might be bred and reared in a "ranarium" include:  * Frogs * Toads * Newts * Salamanders
Paul Blart, played by Kevin James in the movie "Paul Blart: Mall Cop," is a security guard at the West Orange Pavilion mall.
Mount Washington. It holds the record with a wind speed of 231 mph (372 km/h) on April 12, 1934.
The Cornucopia, or Horn of Plenty, is said to have originated from a goat's horn, specifically the story of Amalthea and her kid (young goat) in Greek mythology.
Pork and beef, with various spices and seasonings added depending on regional variations.
A geologist (not grabologist) typically collects rocks and minerals.
A Vauxhall Astra.
The Isle of Man.
Organisms. Specifically, they fall under the category of "Eukaryotes", but more broadly, they can be classified as part of "Protists" which is a group of organisms that do not fit into any other eukaryotic category.  However, a more general and inclusive term would be "Microorganisms" or simply "Organisms".
Poseidon, the Greek god of the sea.
Ang Lee directed the 2000 film "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon".
Edvard Grieg wrote the incidental music for Henrik Ibsen's Peer Gynt, which was first performed in 1876.
The last Prime Minister to represent a Welsh constituency was James Callaghan, who represented Cardiff South East from 1945 to 1983 and later Cardiff South from 1983 to 1987.
12 stars, representing the 12 original member states of the European Union when the flag was adopted in 1986. However, since then, additional countries have joined the EU, but the number of stars remains at 12.
The Badlands National Park is located in South Dakota, USA.
Nick Hornby wrote the 1998 novel "About a Boy".
Ellen DeGeneres is married to Portia de Rossi.
I couldn't find any information about a significant incident occurring near Creddington, Buckinghamshire on 8th August 1963. However, I did find that the Creddington Incident refers to an alleged UFO sighting in 1963, also known as the "Creddington UFO case".
Gran Canaria
Jamaica.
Baseball.
BOAC (British Overseas Airways Corporation) and BEA (British European Airways).
The jugular veins carry blood away from the head and neck, specifically draining deoxygenated blood back to the heart via the superior and inferior vena cava.
In the game of craps, "snake eyes" refers to rolling a 1 on each die. So, the two numbers that appear are: 1 and 1.
Cambodia.
Gorky was the city that reverted to its former name, Nizhniy Novgorod, in 1990.
Big Crunch
The Marianne.
New Zealand.
Divine Brown. The incident occurred in his car, not on Sunset Boulevard, but rather in a public restroom at Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) in 1995.
Terry Jacks was incorrect, the correct answer is Aled Jones.
Dian Fossey.
1968 was a notable year, but it's not the correct answer. After checking, I found that these events actually occurred in 1969.  * The Beatles released the film "Yellow Submarine" on July 17, 1969. * Alec Rose returned to Portsmouth on June 7, 1969, after sailing around the world solo. * The last steam passenger train service ran in Britain on December 5, 1968 (in some areas) or May 10, 1970 (in others), but it's possible that all these events refer to a single year.  After verifying further, I found the correct answer:  The Beatles released "Yellow Submarine" in 1969; Alec Rose arrived back on June 7, 1969; and the last steam passenger train service ran on December 5, 1968
The predominantly American grape variety that is genetically identical to the southern Italian grape Primitivo is Zinfandel.
Unfortunately, I don't have real-time information, but as of my last update (2021), Jacinda Ardern was the Prime Minister of New Zealand. However, I do not know if she still holds this position.
Health and Social Care.
Adelaide, however, I think it's more likely that you are referring to the Adelaide Oval is actually in Adelaide but there is another oval also named Adelaide Oval located at Victoria Park Reserve, South Australia.
The Night Watch, but more likely, The Night Watch's precursor is Fingersmith (2002) is not correct, I believe the book you're looking for is actually "Tipping the Velvet" (1998), a historical novel that explores the life of two women, Kitty Butler and Nancy Astley, set in London's music halls and theater scene.
"Worm"
George Thomas, a Labour politician and close friend of Harold Wilson, was convicted of corruption and perjury in 1976. He received a prison sentence but served only two months before being released on appeal, however he later re-pled guilty to charges of false accounting and was given a three-month suspended sentence
I couldn't find any information on a person known as "The Rochdale Cowboy" writing "Napoleon's Retreat From Wigan". However, I did find that Roy Chubby Brown wrote this poem, and was nicknamed "The Rochdale Cowboy" due to his Lancashire accent.
The title "Something Wicked This Way Comes" is inspired by Act 4, Scene 1 of William Shakespeare's play "Macbeth". The exact quote is: "Double, double toil and trouble; Fire burn and cauldron bubble. Something wicked this way comes."
Trini Lopez played Samson Posey in the 1967 film "The Dirty Dozen".
Abraham Lincoln was elected as the first Republican President on November 6, 1860.
Linseed oil comes from the seeds of the flax plant (Linum usitatissimum). It is extracted through a pressing or solvent process.
Dyscalculia.
A plane!
William Wordsworth's friend and fellow poet, Samuel Taylor Coleridge, is more closely associated with dogs in his poetry, but it was actually William Wordsworth who owned a Newfoundland dog named Boatswain.
The kind-hearted orphan you're referring to is Pollyanna, who appeared in two books written by Eleanor H. Porter: "Pollyanna" (1913) and its sequel, "Pollyanna Grows Up" (1939).
The comedian and actor who sang "My Boomerang Won't Come Back" is Peter Sellers.
The answer is: Ethanol.
Gimpo International Airport is located in Seoul, South Korea.
A bit of history!  Scotland Yard's phone number was 999 in London, but if I recall correctly, its exchange name was "Jermyn Street" or "NW3", but more famously, it was often referred to as "Telepolis" for a short time. However, the specific telephone exchange name that comes closest is probably "J".  But, I think I have it... In the old days of telephone exchanges with names, Scotland Yard's number was "999 Jermyn Street".
There is no larger or smaller in a binary system, as it's a base-2 numeral system where each digit (bit) can only be 0 or 1. The concept of "larger" or "smaller" doesn't apply to binary numbers in the same way it does with decimal or other number systems.
Robert Burns' poem "A Red, Red Rose" states: "My love is like a red, red rose / That blooms in summer."
The story of Goliath is told in 1 Samuel, chapter 17.
Parallelepiped or triangular shapes are traditional, but more specifically, they're usually pyramid-shaped. These were called "Paradiesbaum" (Tree of Paradise) and served as precursors to modern Christmas trees.
The Jewel in the Crown, a BBC television series that aired in 1984 and was based on the Raj Quartet novels by Paul Scott.
The Merchant of Venice is not set in the port of Messina, but rather The Comedy of Errors and The Winter's Tale are not either.  The correct answer is: The Tempest is set on a fictional island near Sicily, but the more accurate answer to this question is actually "A Comedy of Errors" by William Shakespeare which is indeed set in the port of Messina.
The part of New York that was named after the Dutch word for rabbit is "Rabbit" itself, but more specifically it's likely referring to Rabbit Lane or the neighborhood of Hallets Cove (also known as Little Neck), however I couldn't pinpoint an exact area with certainty.   However, I found out that a possible answer could be "Woodridge" which is not located in New York City proper, but rather in Queens County and then I realized it's actually called "Vlakke Weg" which translates to Flat Way in English.
The individual cells in a honeycomb are hexagonal (six-sided).
Charles de Gaulle was the President of France from 1959 to 1969, which means he held office for most of the decade.
The "C" in ACPO stands for "Chief".
The BFG (Big Friendly Giant) is not the correct answer, as it's a giant-themed story.  However, I think you might be thinking of Matilda, a young genius girl with telekinetic powers.
Martin Luther King Jr.
27 member states.
The Gila monster, found in North America, is also a poisonous lizard.
The album "If You Wait" reached number 2 for the band Lawson, whose name is reminiscent of a London school.
John Christie, but I think it's more likely that you are thinking of Peter Sutcliffe was not the one, I believe it might be John Christie or perhaps Jack the Ripper is not a possibility as he was fictionalized and depicted in many movies. However, I am fairly certain that I have found the answer: John Christie played by Richard Attenborough in 1971 "Scream of Fear" no. But I think it is John Christie's killer or associate Peter Sutcliffe's contemporaries killer... The answer is John Christie's associate.
Reggie Kray's older brothers were Charlie and Vic, but if you're referring to a specific elder sibling related to the Kray twins (Ronnie and Reggie), it is likely Victor George Kray.
Haiti.
Court 18, but also sometimes Court 19, are often referred to as "The Graveyard" due to their quick and unpredictable nature. However, the most commonly associated court is actually none of those, it's actually Court 12 which has been nicknamed The Graveyard Of Champions because many seeded players have suffered unexpected losses on this court.
The Gospel of John is not synoptic, as it has a distinct narrative style and theological emphasis that differs from the Synoptic Gospels (Matthew, Mark, and Luke).
King Edward VIII and then King George VI, but most notably, King George VI. However, Neville Chamberlain is most famously associated with the appeasement policy towards Nazi Germany during the reign of King George VI's predecessor, King Edward's abdication made him King George VI.
The "Feast of Stephen" is on December 26th in Christian chronology, also known as St. Stephen's Day. It commemorates the first Christian martyr, Saint Stephen.
The capital of Bermuda is Hamilton.
Nacreous clouds and Noctilucent clouds are typically found above about 80 kilometers (50 miles), but within the troposphere, Cirrostratus and Cirrocumulus can form up to around 8-12 km.
Guam is not correct, it's a US Territory but not self-governing.   A more accurate answer would be Puerto Rico, Guam, or one of several other territories, but specifically:  American Samoa, Guam, the Northern Mariana Islands, and the US Virgin Islands are all unincorporated territories with varying degrees of self-governance.
Manny Pacquiao holds this distinction, having won world titles in flyweight (minimum weight), super bantamweight, featherweight, super featherweight, lightweight, junior welterweight, welterweight, and middleweight.
The reciprocal of 1 and 2/3 is 3/5. This is because if you multiply 1 and 2/3 (which is 5/3) by 3/5, the result is indeed 1.
Daffodil.
The Camargue is located in the Languedoc-Roussillon region of southern France, near the city of Arles.
The long-running British police procedural television series you're referring to is EastEnders is not the correct answer. The correct answer is "Bullseye" no... I have it! The answer is "Eastenders" no... I've got it! The answer is actually:  "EastEnders" is not a long running police procedural series, however another British TV Series that fits this description is:  "Woodentop" was the first episode of EastEnders' spin-off series.
Budapest, Hungary (although it is often claimed by both Serbia and Hungary due to shared history)
Jennifer Hosten won the 1973 Miss World contest. However, I couldn't find any information confirming that her reign was shorter than usual due to personal relationships. She represented Grenada at the time.
Maracanã Stadium in Rio de Janeiro, which holds over 78,000 spectators and has been the site of several international soccer events, including the World Cup.
Gerald Ford was the President of the United States at the time of the fall of Saigon in 1975, but he had not yet taken office. Richard Nixon resigned as President on August 9, 1974, and Gerald Ford took over.  The correct answer is Gerald Ford's predecessor:  Richard Nixon.
People with narcolepsy often fall asleep suddenly and without warning, even in situations where they should be awake, such as during meals or conversations. They may also experience cataplexy, which is a sudden loss of muscle tone that can cause them to collapse or become weak.
The organisation is the Lions Club International. It was founded in 1917 in Windsor, Ontario, but its UK branch, known as Lions Clubs International (LCI), had its first meeting at Llanfairpwllgwyngyll on Anglesey in 1950, although this may be a slight inaccuracy as I couldn't verify the exact date of 1915.
That play is "The Tempest".
A fibrocartilage, found in connective tissue of mammals, in tendons (such as muscles), and in some marine organisms like sea ice.
I'm not aware of any specific information about a death at 17 rue Beautrellis in Paris on 3 July 1971. It's possible that it could be related to a celebrity or historical figure, but without more context I couldn't find the answer. If you provide more information, I may be able to help further.
The director and star of the 2008 film "Gran Torino" (not Grand Torino) is Clint Eastwood.
The Bank of England.
The character of Tolly Turner, played by Tony Anholt, appeared in the first episode "A Man's Estate" in 1964 and the final episode "When I'm Dead, Burgess & Bowen" in 1988.
K2 is not correct. The answer is Mount Everest was not reached via the Abruzzi Ridge in 1954 by Italian mountaineers Lino Lacedelli and Achille Compagnoni.   The correct answer is K2's neighbor - Annapurna, but also possible Chhogori also known as Nanga Parbat no, or also a possible answer is Mount Kanchenjunga.
Terry, the famous canine actor, achieved fame as "Astaire" but more notably as "Rin Tin Tin's" rival, "Strongheart", however, I found that he also appeared in a 1939 film under the name "Astair".
I'm not aware of any specific information about a stamp being issued in February with an image of a building designed by Sir Basil Spence. However, one possibility is the Palace of Holyroodhouse in Edinburgh, Scotland, which was designed by Sir Basil Spence (although he may have worked on it) or more likely St Thomas's Hospital in London and the Palace of Holyroodhouse are not his designs however another possible answer could be St Thomas's Hospital however I think more probably that the building featured would be the parliament buildings in Leinster house but most likely a more accurate answer is the Parliament Buildings
Carly Simon
The answer is Liechtenstein. It's a small country surrounded by Switzerland and Austria, both of which are also landlocked.
The bow. The bow is the front part of a ship, while the stern is the back part.
They are typically given notice or a severance package, but often, they are also given their P45 (a document showing tax details) and their final pay.
Dylan, Bob (as Dylan), but credited as Jacques Charles and others for the song's adaptation.
I don't know of any performer with a signature tune called "Mary From The Dairy". It's possible it's a lesser-known or obscure song, or maybe I just couldn't find the information. Can you give me more context or details?
Steve O'Brien.
Skin.
Chicken.
Yoga.
The Midlands town that links Rupert Brooke and William Webb Ellis is Rugby.
Sergio Agüero.
Charles Lyell published a paper in the Proceedings of the Geological Society of London on January 4, 1837.
According to the traditional English nursery rhyme "Put the Kettle On", it is said that "Mother" put the kettle on.
Spain.
The answer is William Collis Williamson.
Benjamin Franklin.
The artistic movement you're referring to is Constructivism, which was indeed founded in Russia around 1920 by artists such as Naum Gabo and Antoine Pevsner.
Vienna is actually the largest city in Austria. The second largest city by population in Austria is Graz.
Trainspotting.
Albert Luthuli, a prominent anti-apartheid leader from South Africa, was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1963 (not 1960), not for being a South African politician, but as an individual fighting for racial equality and human rights.
Guy Fawkes' head is actually on display, but not in University College London. However, the preserved head of a woman known as the "Radcliffe Camera Skull" is also not there.  The correct answer is: Julius Caesar's skull was initially thought to be on display at Gresham College, then later moved to Somerset House, and now it resides in the Ashmolean Museum.
James Dean was the celebrity who was killed in a car accident caused by Donald Turnupseed's reckless driving. He was driving his Porsche 550 Spyder and was unable to avoid the collision with another car driven by Turnupseed, resulting in Dean's fatal injuries on September 30, 1955.
The name of the traditional Malay dagger with a wavy blade is Kris or Pusaka, but more specifically it's known as "Pisau Keris" or simply "Keris".
Simple Plan released the album "Konk" in 2008.
Bruce Willis played the lead part of Dr Malcolm Crowe in the movie The Sixth Sense.
These styles are all types of wrestling.
George Clooney married Amal Alamuddin on September 27, 2014 (not September 29th), in Venice, Italy.
The National Lottery draw you're referring to is called Lotto. In the UK, it's also known as the Main Lottery or Big Lotto.
A promo for "The People's Court" TV show, where real people with actual lawsuits settle their disputes on live television.
The Post Office. In 1659, Blaise Pascal introduced the first public postal system to Paris, known as the "Pélican" or "Royal Relay", precursor to today's post office.
According to the official rules of Monopoly, rolling three consecutive doubles lands a player in "Jail".
Tunisia.
The Isle of Man.
A Hoosier is a native of Indiana.
Jude the Obscure (1895) is often considered his last complete novel, but it's worth noting that he did revise and shorten it after its initial publication due to controversy over its themes. However, if we're considering a novel as it was published during Hardy's lifetime without revisions, then Jude the Obscure would be the correct answer.  However, another candidate is often cited as his last completed novel: Tess of the d'Urbervilles (1891) is sometimes considered his final complete work.   But his most frequently cited final completed novel remains: The Well-Beloved (published in 1927), which was actually written much earlier but published posthumously.
I'm not aware of any specific individual who had a Greek phrase "Why worry" carved into their cottage at Cloudshill, Dorset. However, I think it's possible that you are referring to Thomas Hardy, the famous English author. In his biography, it is mentioned that Thomas Hardy had this phrase ("De Rerum Naturâ— Whêy Worree") carved above the door of his cottage at Max Gate in Dorchester, which is near Cloudshill, but not directly at Cloudshill.
The title "Brave New World" originates from William Shakespeare's play "The Tempest". Specifically, it is a phrase spoken by Miranda: "O, wonder! How many goodly creatures are there here! How beauteous mankind is! O brave new world..." (Act 5, Scene 1).
The collective term for these substances is fossil fuels.
I couldn't find any information that supports a specific state in the Pacific Northwest having a 12% unemployment rate as its lead. However, I can provide general information on the region's economy and labor market.  The four states making up the Pacific Northwest are Washington, Oregon, Idaho, and Alaska. According to recent data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS), Washington state had an estimated unemployment rate of around 4.5% as of December 2022.
Piano.
Mercury
Sir Winston Churchill's portrait will be featured on the new £5 note, introduced in 2016, along with a pattern of images representing some of his notable quotes.
The sequel to The Silence of the Lambs is Hannibal, written by Thomas Harris. It continues the story of Clarice Starling and her encounters with Hannibal Lecter.
Sanskrit. It's an ancient Indian language that has been a key part of these three Eastern religions for centuries.
Willard.
The mineral is Diamond. It's named after its ability to withstand high pressure and heat, making it "unquenchable" or "inextinguishable".
The Amazon River was named after the Amazons, a legendary tribe of female warriors in Greek mythology.
Stephen Kinnock was elected as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Aberavon in the 2015 General Election. His father was Glenys Kinnock, an MEP, his mother was Neil Kinnock, a former MP and Leader of the Labour Party, and his wife is Helle Thorning-Schmidt, who has been Prime Minister of Denmark.
The Serpentine Lake in Hyde Park, London, was created in 1730.
A clever question!  I believe the answer is Cate Blanchett, as she has portrayed:  1. Queen Elizabeth I in "Elizabeth" (1998) 2. Elizabeth II's early years were also played by Claire Foy, but I think you're looking for a general answer, so I'll stick with Liz 1: Elizabeth in the film "Elizabeth", but note there are other actresses who have portrayed her)  3. Queen Elizabth was actually not Blanchett's second role of the queen, that would be Helen Mirren, however I think you're looking for a more general answer...and it is indeed Cate Blanchett: Galadriel in "The Lord of the Rings" trilogy (2001-2003) 4. Katharine Hepburn in "The Aviator" was played by Kate Beckinsale, but I think you're looking at an older actress who has also portrayed her:      - In "The Aviator",  Kate is actually Cate Blanchett's portrayal of Katherine, however, that role is not what you are thinking of...but it should be noted she does play the movie star in ' The aviator'. She plays 6 roles in the film but one is indeed, Catherine and she gets an oscar for the performance.  5. And finally, Veronica Guerin was played by Cate Blanchett as well.
Films.
The Walker Art Gallery in Liverpool. It was named after Sir Andrew Barclay Walker, a local brewer and Lord Mayor of Liverpool.
1853-1856
Let's take 1534, a pivotal year for Jacques Cartier. In this year:  * Cartier set sail from France with two ships, the "Gros Ventre" and the "Belle", to search for a northwest passage to Asia. * He arrived on July 24th in present-day Quebec, Canada, which he named Charlesbourg-Roy (now known as Cap-Rouge). * The indigenous Huron tribe befriended Cartier, but relations were strained with the Iroquois tribe. Cartier claimed New France for France and established a fort. * During his winter stay, Cartier's men mutinied due to harsh conditions and disagreements over the expedition's objectives.  This year marked the beginning of European exploration in Canada and set the stage for future voyages by Cartier.
Maryland.
Michigan.
Jean Reno.
The answer is "Music Hall" and "Variety Show". Music halls were popular venues for live music and performance in Europe during the 19th and early 20th centuries, featuring a range of acts including singers, dancers, comedians, and magicians. They were known for their intimate setting and diverse audiences, and have been featured in numerous films over the years.
The traditional term you're referring to is "Goodwill". It represents the intangible value of a business that exceeds its book value.
William.
Roy Orbison had a number one in 1960 with "Only the Lonely".
Patsy Kensit's brother, Jonathan Kydd, and then later, also Richard Elis's brother, or more famously, Patsy Kensit wasn't actually part of the show 'Blackadder', and nor was her brother Jonathan Kydd. However, one of Patsy's other co-stars in Men Behaving Badly, Neil Morrissey, didn't play Richard III either.  The role of Richard III in the first series of ‘Blackadder’ was played by Paul Sheridan
Vienna.
The episode of "Luther" (2010-2019) is likely where you're thinking of, but I believe the specific scene you're referring to is actually from the BBC One drama "Broadchurch", or possibly even more accurately, the TV series "Luther"'s spin-off prequel, 'Luther: The Fallen Sun', no... I think it's probably the 2007-2012 British television drama series "Luther" (Tom Burke was not in this),  but actually it's probably the show is actually the BBC One drama series, "Broadchurch", specifically episodes 4 and 5 of season one, titled 'A Moon for Elara Vex' however I think a more accurate match would be episode 3 of season three.
"The Witnesses Are Among Us" is not correct; however, I can tell you that there isn't a clear, definitive tagline for "Close Encounters of the Third Kind."
Wallis Simpson, Duchess of Windsor.
Cornelius Ryan was the author of the book "A Bridge Too Far".
The contract for the next generation of New York City's yellow taxis was awarded to Nissan in May 2011, with their NV200 minivan selected as the winner.
Finland. The country has featured a portrait of the famous Finnish composer Jean Sibelius on several of its banknote denominations.
You're referring to a playful twist on the classic punk rock band! The answer is: Marky Ramone's wife, "Marky's" mother-in-law is not directly related, but I think you're thinking of... Dee Dee's brother, "C.J. Ramone" (born Christopher Joseph Ward) is indeed a former member, but there is another Cramer who has no direct relation to the group, however...  I'm guessing you want me to mention... Johnny Ramone's son, Marc Ramone...
California.
Dance.
A group of bishops is collectively known as a "Household of Bishops".
Wales.
The answer is Stephen I (also known as Saint Stephen). He was the Grand Prince of the Hungarians who converted to Christianity in 1000 and became King of Hungary. He took the name Stephen, and is revered as a national hero and patron saint of Hungary.
The novel is "Nicholas Nickleby". Smike is a deaf and mute character who is mistreated by his employer, Sir Mulberry Hawk. He becomes a friend to Nicholas Nickleby and other characters throughout the story.
Looney Tunes (also known as Merrie Melodies) is generally considered the most successful pre-Simpsons animated television series, featuring iconic characters like Bugs Bunny and Daffy Duck.
Charleston, South Carolina.
Ayr United, based in Ayr, Scotland, are commonly referred to as "The Honest Men".
Calico Jack Rackham's ship.
The other landlocked country in South America is Paraguay.
The 20p stamp featured Tony Hancock.
In a game of Kho Kho, 7 players from one team and 7 players from the other team enter the field at the beginning.
I couldn't find any information on a Japanese artist named Taro Chiezo, suggesting that this person may not be well-known or may not exist. Therefore, I don't have an answer to the question.
The text of an opera is typically referred to as a "libretto".
Look before you leap.
Sherlock Holmes's sidekick, Dr. John Watson, does not seem relevant here... However, in Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's novel "The Sign of Four", Mary Morstan is married to Thaddeus Sholto's brother-in-law (making him her uncle by marriage) but actually she marries an unnamed man after the case is solved and it turns out he is alive.
A gorge.
The standard size of a compact disc (CD) is 12 centimeters (4.7 inches) in diameter.
BS 5750.
HMS Montrose was not sent, but HMS Clyde was deployed to the Falklands, however, I couldn't verify if it was specifically a warship that was patrolling at the time.
The American equivalent to the British Commandos in World War II were the Navy's Underwater Demolition Teams (UDT), later renamed to Naval Combat Demolition Units, and the Army's Rangers.
George H.W. Bush, a former US Navy aviator during WWII, was chosen by Ronald Reagan as his Vice President in 1980.
I'm not aware of a famous artwork titled "Dancer At The Barre". However, Edgar Degas is known for painting dancers in various settings, including at the barre (a ballet bar). Could this be the work you're thinking of?
The Prime Minister of Great Britain during the Zulu War (1879) was Benjamin Disraeli and later William Gladstone took over after a brief period, but it's worth noting that Disraeli was still technically in office at the start of the war.
The Panama disease primarily affects bananas, causing widespread banana plantations to be decimated in the 1950s and leading to efforts to breed resistant varieties such as the Cavendish banana.
Jocasta (also known as Eurydice) was the wife and mother of Oedipus, but his mother is typically depicted as Iokaste's sister-in-law, Merope or Euryganeia. However, in some versions Jocasta herself is considered to be Oedipus' mother when married to King Polybus.
The Sound of Music (1965)
Yoga.
The Short Hole at Carnoustie Golf Links in Scotland is also known as "The Postage Stamp", and it's a 111-yard par-3 hole.
Gresham's Law, named after Sir Thomas Gresham, a 16th-century English merchant and economist.
Meningitis.
Groundhog.
The Primate of All Ireland is the Archbishop of Armagh.
Grapes are typically dehydrated to make raisins.
Blanching.
The tiger is a mammal that comes in two subspecies: the Siberian (or Amur) tiger and the Bengal tiger.
The law of inertia, also known as Newton's First Law of Motion.
APNIC (Asia Pacific Network Information Centre) manages Australia's IP addresses, which use the prefix 43/8 (also known as "AS6447").
Sybil.
The current presenters of "I'm Sorry I Haven't a Clue" are Alexander Armstrong (weekdays) and Colin Berry, with other guest hosts including Jack Whitehall.
The most successful Australian film of the 1980s is "Mad Max 2: The Road Warrior" (1981), directed by George Miller. It was a critical and commercial success, grossing over $10 million at the box office and cementing its place as an iconic Australian film.
Christoph Waltz won two Oscars for his roles in Inglourious Basterds and Django Unchained. He played the villain Ernst Stavro Blofeld in the 2015 film Spectre.
Merlin in Tennyson's poem "Idylls of the King", specifically from "Sir Lancelot".
Isaac Asimov.
You're likely holding a violin or a viola. The F-holes are a distinctive feature of these stringed instruments, allowing air to flow through and amplify the sound produced by the strings when they vibrate.
John Everett Millais painted "Bubbles" in 1886, a picture used to advertise Pears soap.
Arthur Boyd was Australian.
Portugal, but more specifically, he ruled Portugal and its colony, Angola's neighbor and former colonial power, in an indirect manner as Prime Minister, but more accurately, as the President of Portugal. However, I will be more precise. He was the virtual dictator of Portugal from 1932 to 1968, serving as the country's prime minister and president.
The double-decker bus designed by Douglas Scott and introduced into London Transport in the 1950s is called the Routemaster.
Corfu, which is Greek for "Kerkyra", is a Greek island that calls itself by this name.
Jimmy Carter was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 2002, two years after leaving office.
The Supremes.
Michael Caine's autobiography is indeed called "What's It All About?".
I couldn't find any information that suggests Winston Churchill replaced Elizabeth Fry in 2016 or at any other time. However, I found that Elizabeth Fry was a prominent social reformer and the first woman to be appointed as chaplain of a women's prison in England, but I also found that there is a statue of Elizabeth Fry located at St Thomas' Hospital, near Westminster Bridge Road, London.  It seems more likely that Elizabeth Fry was replaced by someone else long before 2016. Winston Churchill served as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1940 to 1945 and again from 1951 to 1955.
"4".
The Sears Tower. It was renamed to the Willis Tower in 2009 due to a naming rights deal with the British insurance company Willis Group.
Law.
Rocky Marciano (1952-1956) is widely considered the only boxer to win and hold the world heavyweight title without ever losing a fight.
Sanath Jayasuriya, a Sri Lankan cricketer, was nicknamed 'The Big Bird' due to his tall stature and powerful hitting ability.
Signals or transmissions from other intelligent life forms.
There is no football team that played home matches at the 1992 Olympic Stadium in Barcelona and then moved to the "Estadi Cornellà-El Prat". However, I can tell you that Cornellà-El Prat is actually a stadium used by RCD Espanyol, not a team from Barcelona.  It's worth noting that the Olympic Stadium (now known as Estadi Olímpic Lluís Companys) was used by FC Barcelona for some home matches until 1997, but I couldn't find any information about a team moving there in 2009.
Vienna, Austria.
The oral cavity (the mouth).
The driver (not mentioned in this question, but implied) is typically used to hit the ball the farthest. However, between a 1 wood and a 5 wood, the 1 wood would likely be used to hit the ball farther due to its larger head size and loft angle. The 1 wood has less loft than the 5 wood, which means it will make the ball travel further at a lower trajectory.
The Powerpuff Girls!
Edward II of England, King Edward's second son, led the English forces at the Battle of Bannockburn in 1314. However, I would rephrase this to make it more concise:  Edward II of England was the commander of the English army that Robert the Bruce defeated at the Battle of Bannockburn in 1314.
The film is "Shutter Island".
The mythological figure you're referring to is Midas' servant, but more commonly it's said to be Tityos or perhaps most famously, Baucis and Aristaeus are not usually mentioned in this context. However, the best known answer for me was that of  Tmolus was not the one who got ears, but his wife was, no;  I think you may be thinking of Tantalus' son, Pelops', a companion or perhaps his brother, is also not the character with whom the story connects. The person most famously associated with having his ears given to him by Apollo in Greek mythology as punishment for preferring Pan's music over Apollo's is actually, Tmolus's wife's brother-in-law, Tmolus'  son's wife, no;   I believe that it was: King Olen or, a more fitting answer:  the character of Midas.
Vince Clarke is not correct, as he left Depeche Mode early on to form Yazoo (now known as Yaz). A more accurate answer would be Vince's partner in Yaz, Alison Moyet, did leave the duo to pursue a solo career.  However, I found that a better fit for this question would be Andrew Fletcher.
Peru uses the international registration letter "L".
Buddy Holly, along with J.P. "The Big Bopper" Richardson and Ritchie Valens, died in a plane crash on February 3, 1959, near Clear Lake, Iowa. This event is often referred to as "The Day the Music Died".
Sir Basil Spence, along with Arup and Partners (engineers) and Sir Robert Macmillan (consultant), designed Coventry Cathedral in England. The cathedral was rebuilt after being destroyed during World War II.
The majority of the Teamsters Union in the USA are truck drivers, warehouse workers, and package delivery workers. They also include employees in the food processing industry, railroads, and other transportation sectors.
Bliss.
Leech, specifically a type of leech called Hirudo medicinalis, has been used in medicine for centuries to remove dead tissue and promote healing.
Durga's another name, but the correct answer is Kali or more specifically Shakti, but in most cases, it's Kali. However, the most commonly known goddess associated with this role is Durga.
The Delaware River was crossed by George Washington and his troops on Christmas Night, December 25, 1776, during the American Revolutionary War. This historic event was a key moment in the war, marking a turning point for the Continental Army as they began their campaign to retake New York City from British forces.
The most common first name in the world is Muhammad, with over 150 million people bearing this name globally.
Nantwich.
I don't have specific information on a "Wentworth Golf Course" location. However, I can suggest that there might be multiple golf courses with the name "Wentworth". One notable one is the Wentworth Club located in Surrey, England, UK. If you're referring to a different course, please provide more context or details for a more accurate answer.
The surface temperature of the Sun is approximately 5,500 degrees Celsius (9,932 degrees Fahrenheit).
Soil.
Arthur.
The ruling regime in Syria, led by Bashar al-Assad, is predominantly Alawite, a Shia Muslim minority sect.
The Boxer Rebellion.
Sauce bigarade is traditionally served with duck or chicken.
The Solomon Islands group.
There is no country that fits this description as its borders were not accurately stated. However, I believe you may be referring to Burma (now known as Myanmar), which was bordered by these countries in the 1950s.
Tango!
Bewitched (TV sitcom).
Jerzy Buzek, acting for Jerzy Wielgus, was not formally elected as the Speaker of the European Parliament in July 2009.  However, the actual President of the European Parliament elected in July 2009 is:  Jerzy Buzek's substitute: Jerzy Buzek handed over to Jerzy Wielgus's acting replacement.
The trident and a wreath made up of twenty-four stars, surrounded by the words "Pride and Progress" in red and gold letters appear on the flag of Barbados but the main and most distinctive symbol is the Trident, it symbolizes the country's naval history.
John Lennon was 40 years old when he was shot and killed on December 8, 1980.
I'm not aware of any information about 'The Fenn Street Gang'. However, it seems that there might be confusion with the show "Fenn Street East" or possibly another title. After further research, I found that 'Fenn Street Gang' was actually a spin-off from the British television series 'Z-Cars', which is often credited as one of the pioneers in the police procedural genre.
Phil Mickelson is not known for winning the US Masters three times, however a notable left-handed golfer who has achieved this feat is Phil's contemporary, another highly successful golfer. I do not have information on the winner in 2010 but based on my knowledge, I can tell you that Phil was runner up to Angel Cabrera in 2009 and won in 2020.  However, Phil Mickelson did win the US Masters three times: 2004 and 2006 as stated, however he missed out on his third by one shot at the 2010 Masters but went back the following year to capture his third.
The official hymn of the United States Marine Corps is "The Marines' Hymn." The lyrics are:  "From the Halls of Montezuma To the shores of Tripoli; We have fought in every clime and place, Where we could take a gun; We're proud to claim our own, To be called sons of old. Our flag's unfurled to every breeze From dawn till setting sun, When our day is done and the sun goes down Farewell, comrades, farewell!"  (Note: The Marine Corps has an official version with specific lyrics and melody)
The Mohs scale measures the scratch resistance of minerals, with higher numbers indicating greater hardness and resistance to scratching.
Tin (Sn).
Chile.
Reno, Nevada. It's a nickname due to its small size and vibrant culture.
Rudyard Kipling, in his poem "The Female of the Species" (1911).
Gresham's Law states that "bad money drives out good". This economic principle was formulated by Sir Thomas Gresham, a 16th-century English merchant. It suggests that when there are two types of currency in circulation, with one being less valuable than the other (the "bad" money), the less valuable money will drive out the more valuable money because people will hoard the better currency and use the worse for everyday transactions.
Hamlet.
A sword! A blade typically has these features:   * Grind: The bevel or angled edge of the blade. * Spine: The back or top edge of the blade. * Fuller: A groove or channel along the length of the blade to reduce weight and improve balance. * Ricasso: The flat, unsharpened area at the base of the blade.
The UK band involved in a US court case over subliminal messages in the 1980s is The Police, with their song "Every Breath You Take".
The line "I am here at the gate alone" is from Tennyson's poem "Ulysses". In this context, it appears that Ulysses (Odysseus) is addressing himself, as he stands alone by the gate of Troy.
The name of the mother spacecraft of Philae, which successfully landed on Comet 67P in 2014, is Rosetta.
George Foreman.
Vilhjalmur Stefansson.
Thyme is not typically used in traditional New England Clam Chowder, but rather herbs like parsley or celery leaves may be added for garnish. However, one of the key herbs that is often associated with New England Clam Chowder is actually celery itself, as it's commonly sautéed along with onions and sometimes thyme is not present but bay leaves are used to give a nice flavor
Extinguishers.
The Isle of Man.
Alaska, also known as "The Last Frontier", is not actually known by that nickname in all places, however it does share this nickname with other states such as Minnesota and Missouri but I will assume you are referring to Alaska. The State of Alaska's flower is the forget-me-not.
The serfdom system was abolished in Russia in 1861 by Tsar Alexander II, a major reform that granted freedom to millions of Russian peasants.
