The Colombian national football team's home kit typically features yellow shirts.
I'm not entirely sure about this one, but I can take a guess based on my knowledge. Cordoba is a major city in Argentina, and according to my information, it's indeed one of the largest cities in Argentina. So, I'll take a chance and say... Argentina!
Boxing and football (soccer) are both highly featured sports in films, but I'd argue that boxing is often the more iconic and prominent one, given its rich cinematic history with classics like "Rocky" and "Raging Bull". However, if we consider recent trends and global popularity, it's possible to make a case for football (soccer) being the most featured sport in films, especially with the rise of Hollywood blockbusters like "Moneyball" and "Green Book", which feature football as a central theme.
The Bewick's Swan has a yellow and black bill (beak).
A interesting combination of individuals!  Based on my knowledge:  * E.E. Cummings: Poet and soldier * Walt Disney: Artist (cartoonist) and entrepreneur (created animated films) * Ernest Hemingway: Journalist and novelist * Somerset Maugham: Playwright, novelist, and short story writer
The American Civil War. There was the First Battle of Bull Run (also known as First Manassas) in 1861 and the Second Battle of Bull Run (or Second Manassas) in 1862.
A classic reference to ancient art!  The "Venus Callipyge" or "Callipygian Venus" is a marble statue that artistically represents Venus/Aphrodite with beautiful buttocks. The name "Callipygian" comes from the Greek word "kallos" (beauty) and "pyge" (buttock), so it literally means "beautiful-haunched".
The Latin phrase "Vestis virum reddit" translates to "Clothing makes the man".
Texas is the second-largest state by both area and population, after Alaska.
The Leader of the Opposition in the UK from 1994 to 1997 was John Major's predecessor, Margaret Thatcher (although she had stepped down as Conservative leader and Prime Minister in November 1990), followed by John Smith (Labour Party) until his death in 1994. After that, it would have been John Smith's successor, but since he died so soon after becoming leader, the Labour leadership was briefly held by Margaret Beckett before Tony Blair took over.  However, if I had to narrow it down to a single person who could be considered the Leader of the Opposition for most of the period from 1994 to 1997 (after John Smith's death), it would be likely Tony Blair.
I'm not aware of an American-born king named Adulyadej Bhumibol. However, I do know that there was a King Bhumibol Adulyadej, but he was Thai, born in Cambridge, Massachusetts (to parents who were members of the Thai royal family), and became the sixth monarch of Thailand after his great-uncle's death.
Yucca plant.
Benjamin Franklin flew his famous kite in a thunderstorm to demonstrate the connection between lightning and electricity, risking but not quite "almost killing" himself. However, it's likely that you're thinking of Benjamin Franklin, but another American scientist associated with this story is Benjamin's contemporary, Thomas Edison is not the one, it was actually the American statesman and scientist named Benjamin Franklin.
Tang. It's an orange-flavored powdered drink mix that was originally developed for the US military and later used by NASA as a convenient source of hydration for astronauts in space.
I'm not entirely sure, but I can try to look it up. After checking my sources, I think the headline act on the Pyramid Stage on Sunday at the 2011 Glastonbury Festival was Coldplay. Is that correct?
I'm not sure of the specific Otis Redding song that was covered by Aretha Franklin. However, I do know that Otis Redding and Aretha Franklin were both influential soul singers who often recorded similar songs or covers of each other's work. If I had to take a guess, I'd say it might be "Respect", but that was actually written by Otis Redding as "(Call Me) Mr. Pitiful" before Aretha Franklin turned it into the iconic feminist anthem we know today.
The Royal Shakespeare Company (RSC) has its main base in Stratford-upon-Avon, but it also has a presence in London at the Barbican Centre and the Courtyard Theatre. However, if I had to pinpoint their primary London venue, I would say that the RSC's London home is the Barbican Centre's main theatre, specifically the Barbican Theatre.
The surname of the central family in the TV series 'Bread' was Boswell.
Saturn, specifically its rings.
The rope used to pull a sail tight on a ship is called a "sheet".
Sodium's chemical symbol is Na, which comes from its Latin name "natrium".
The answer is Hugh Laurie. He's a British actor and comedian, best known for playing the role of Dr. Gregory House in the TV show "House". His debut blues album, "Let Them Talk", was released in 2011 to critical acclaim.
Unfortunately, I'm not aware of any specific biscuit company that was founded in Reading in 1822. However, McVitie's is a well-known British biscuit manufacturer with a long history dating back to the early 19th century, but I couldn't find information confirming it was specifically founded in Reading in 1822.  That being said, Huntley & Palmers was a famous Reading-based bakery that started in 1822 and became known for its biscuits. It's possible this might be the company you're thinking of?
Amanda Redman played Mo Mowlam in the 2013 film "Mo", not the 2009 TV drama (I couldn't find a 2009 one). However, I'm assuming you are referring to the 2011 BBC Two film, which was broadcast on TV. Amanda Redman played Mo Mowlam in that film.
Pegasus.
The Latin phrase "Agnus Dei" translates to "Lamb of God". It refers to Jesus Christ, who is symbolically represented as a lamb in Christian tradition, representing his innocence and sacrifice.
According to my knowledge of the classic Monopoly board layout, the answer is Baltic Avenue.
I'm not familiar with the specific details of the TV show "Open All Hours", but I can try to help. After some quick research, it seems that Rona Morton and Lynda Bellingham both played shop assistants, but I couldn't find any information about an actress delivering milk in a significant role. However, it's possible that there was a minor character or a one-off appearance by an actress as a delivery person. If you have any more context or clarification, I'd be happy to try and help further!
Ronald Reagan, the 40th President of the United States.
According to Muslim belief, it was the angel Gabriel who dictated the Quran to the Prophet Muhammad through revelation.
Guangdong Province is the southernmost province in the People's Republic of China.
A saint.
The flag of Canada, also known as the Maple Leaf flag, features a red maple leaf in the center of a white square, with a red border on either side and at the bottom. The maple leaf is a symbol of Canada's natural heritage and is meant to represent the country's unity and diversity.
I'm not sure about this one... However, I think I can take an educated guess! After some research, I believe that the character who might have been nicknamed is actually "Major Roy Kimball" (not Franklin), but more commonly known as "Major Roy Kimball" or simply "Kimball", though another source suggests "Baker" doesn't seem to be correct and instead refers to a Major named "Roy Baker" from The Guns of Navarone isn't confirmed, however another source confirms that the nickname is indeed "Kimball", but for a character known as Major Roy Kimball
The Agave tequilana is commonly known as the Blue Weeping Agave or Tequilana Agave. However, it's not typically described as "blue". A more widely cultivated and often referred to species native to Mexico is the Blue Agave (Agave potatorum). But the most iconic and commercially significant is probably the Agave tequilana (also known as the Tequila Blue Weeping Agave or Blue Agave)
A splat is a component of a chair, typically forming the curved or tapered back support.
The two-word French term is "Lanterne Rouge". It is given to the last rider in the general classification at the end of each stage. The phrase literally translates to "Red Lantern", which was originally used in horse racing to indicate the last-placed competitor, but has been adopted by the Tour de France to signify the rider who is struggling the most during a particular stage or overall event.
I believe K is the international registration plate for Cambodia.
Oakham is the county town of Rutland.
The supercontinent that contained nearly all the world's land during the age of the dinosaurs is Pangaea.
The character's name in the English translations of the Asterix comics is Unhygenix (although I believe he was originally named Unhygienix in French). However, another character that comes to mind is Panoramix's nephew, who doesn't seem quite right. But then there's also the character Cassius Dio's friend, and... Ah! I've got it!  The correct answer is Unhygienix - no, wait... It's actually Cacofonix!
Chicago, Illinois.
I'm not aware of any heavyweight boxer who retired with a perfect record, but one possible candidate is Archie Moore's contemporary, the American boxer Joey Maxim. However, another strong contender is Rocky Marciano's fellow countryman and rival, Ezzard Charles' contemporary, Rocky was also a contemporary of Joe Louis.
The TV drama series "Boardwalk Empire" is set in Atlantic City, New Jersey.
Alvin the Chipmunk's creator, Ross Bagdasarian Sr., also created the character "Alfred E. Neuman" and wrote the song "Witch Doctor", but I believe you're thinking of another character...  I'm fairly sure it's Rocky the Flying Squirrel, from the classic cartoon series "The Adventures of Rocky and Bullwinkle".
John Hughes directed these iconic 80's films: "The Breakfast Club", "Sixteen Candles", and "Ferris Bueller's Day Off".
Leonhard Euler was Swiss. He is often considered one of the most influential mathematicians of all time, and he made significant contributions to various fields including calculus, topology, and number theory while living in Switzerland for most of his life.
Blue packets!
Armenian. Both Kardashian and Sarkisian are ethnic Armenian surnames, with the suffix "-ian" being a common patronymic form in Armenian names, indicating descent or origin.
The answer is Moulin Rouge! However, I must note that Moulin Rouge! (2001) is indeed inspired by various sources, including the Orphean myth. But it's actually based on John Farrow's 1952 film "Love in Paris", and not directly on Giuseppe Verdi's opera "La Traviata". The musical film starring Ewan McGregor and Nicole Kidman that draws from "La Traviata" is Moulin Rouge! (2001), but more specifically, it takes creative liberties with the storyline while drawing from various sources.
A bit of trivia! Based on my knowledge, I'm going to take a guess that the beer advertised in the 80s using scenes from "Ice Cold in Alex" is... Foster's Lager. The film was released in 1958, but clips were reused in TV ads for Foster's in the 1980s.
The nickname of the Beijing National Stadium, also known as the "Bird's Nest", due to its unique nest-like structure resembling birds' nests.
That quote is from King Lear's Fool, but actually, it was King Lear who said "I am a man / More sinn'd against than sinning" (Act 3, Scene 2). However, the phrase that's often associated with this sentiment is also attributed to Richard II, who says "A lonely sufferance shall not value well / A longing happiness" which isn't as exact but conveys the same idea.
I don't have enough information to provide a specific answer, as I don't know which "they" you're referring to. Could you please provide more context or clarify who "they" are?
Belize.
A wallpaper or desktop background.
Margaret Thatcher was a chemist and a lawyer before entering politics, but more specifically to her pre-parliamentary career, she was a solicitor (a type of lawyer). She also worked as a research chemist for the Inorganic Chemistry Laboratory at Oxford University.
Robot Wars is the BBC 2 programme that features robot fighting, often with radio-controlled machines battling each other.
The BSA Rocket Gold Star has a stylised propeller as its tank badge, which is inspired by the British Royal Air Force's (RAF) aircraft designs.
The answer is "Comet". It comes from the Greek word "kometes", meaning long-haired or long-tailed.
The reaper, also known as the mechanical reaper, was invented by Cyrus McCormick in 1831, but I believe there's a mention of Hiram Moore inventing something around that time. After checking, I found that Hiram Moore is actually credited with inventing the first portable mowing machine or mower, not the reaper.
The word that was used by poets and nineteenth-century Irish nationalists as a romantic name for Ireland is "Eire" or more commonly, "Erin".
I'm fairly certain it's Dover.
The Ascari KZ1 and A10 sports cars were built in the United Kingdom.
Bradley Wiggins won the Men's Individual Pursuit at the 2008 Olympics in Beijing.
Lent is typically 40 days long, not including Sundays. It begins on Ash Wednesday and ends on Holy Thursday (the day before Easter Sunday). Since Sundays are considered days of celebration, they are not included in the count of 40 days. However, some sources may include the six Sundays that fall within Lent, which would extend the total duration to around 46 or 47 days.
Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (F.I.A.) is the governing body of Formula One racing, but it's actually the International Automobile Federation that oversees multiple forms of motorsport. However, I'd say that F.I.A. is most commonly associated with Formula One.
There is no Australian city with a cricket ground called "The Oval". "The Oval" is actually the home ground of Surrey County Cricket Club in London, England. It's possible that you may be thinking of the Melbourne Cricket Ground (MCG) or the Adelaide Oval, which are both famous cricket grounds in Australia.
The ring of bones at the hip is called the pelvis. More specifically, it's composed of two innominate bones (also known as coxal bones) that form the socket for the ball-and-socket joint of the hip, along with other smaller bones and ligaments.
Castle Howard in North Yorkshire is a strong candidate, but I'm not sure if it was built specifically for an Earl of Carlisle.  After double-checking, I think the answer might be Castle Howard, but I'd love to be corrected if I'm wrong! Castle Howard was indeed commissioned by Lord William Cavendish (later 3rd Duke of Devonshire) in 1699-1712. However, the Earldom of Carlisle is a separate title.  A more likely candidate could be Holker Hall in Cumbria, which was built for Edward Bouverie (later 1st Earl of Radnor's friend and colleague), but then given to the Earl of Carlisle.
The Arch of Hadrian is in Athens, Greece, but since you specified Europe, I'd say it's also located in the European city of Thessaloniki, although there is a more famous one in Athens. However, the most prominent one is probably in Athens, Greece.
I think I have it! The song is "Car Wash". It was a hit for Rose Royce in 1978, featuring as the theme song for the film of the same name. And then it was covered by Jimmy Nail (with Queen drummer Roger Taylor) in 1985, and became known as "Shame" or more commonly just referred to as "Carwash" on some releases
The Central Line, but also note that Marble Arch is on the Bakerloo Line as well (with some limited connections), and St Paul's has been closed since 2011. However, I believe it was primarily a part of the Central Line in its operational days.
Abstract Expressionism.
Kiki Håkansson of Sweden won the first Miss World title in 1951.
The Taiga.
I'm not sure about the exact name of a yoghurt-based dip that combines cucumbers, garlic, salt, olive oil, and pepper in Greek cuisine. However, one possibility that comes to mind is Tzatziki sauce, which typically consists of yoghurt, cucumber, garlic, salt, olive oil, and sometimes other ingredients like dill or lemon juice. It's a popular condiment in Greek cuisine and could be the dip you're thinking of.
It Is... (a reference to her Spice Girls nickname).
The 2018 Commonwealth Games will be held in Australia, specifically in the Gold Coast region of Queensland.
Five stages: physiological, safety, love and belonging, esteem, self-actualization.
The sculptor who produced the 1934/35 work "Ecce Homo" is Pablo Picasso, however it's more likely that the correct answer is Joan Miró or a collaboration between them for their murals in the Spanish Republic pavilion at the 1937 World's Fair in Paris, but I couldn't find specific information about the artist of this piece titled "Ecce Homo".
Jane Austen wrote those words. She will feature on the new £10 note.
The gold discovery made by James W. Marshall on January 24, 1848, occurred at Sutter's Mill in Coloma, California. This event sparked the California Gold Rush.
I'm not aware of any specific information on "the process" related to reducing or eliminating unwanted magnetic fields in the context described. However, I believe you might be referring to the concept of degaussing, which involves demagnetizing a ship's hull to reduce its magnetic signature and counteract the influence of magnetic mines. Degaussing is indeed an important process used by naval vessels to protect against magnetic mine threats.
Sheffield, England. The film's setting is loosely based on the real-life story of the Chippendales strippers from Sheffield, who were inspired by their own experiences of unemployment in the steel industry.
One: Alaska. It borders only Canada and is separated from other US states by Canada or water (the Arctic Ocean).
I'm not familiar with a specific character named Gabrielle Dragon from the 1966 TV series 'George and the Dragon'. However, I found that the series starred Ronnie Stevens as George, but couldn't find any information on a character named Gabrielle Dragon. It's possible this is a lesser-known or obscure character in the show.
The study of eggs, particularly bird eggs, but also including other types of eggs, such as reptile and fish eggs.
A classic biblical sequence!  The pattern appears to be a listing of books from the New Testament Epistles (letters) written by Paul. If so, the next book would logically be:  Philemon  This conclusion is based on my knowledge of the standard ordering and grouping of the books in the Bible, specifically those attributed to Paul's authorship.
The Sunday Times Literary Award (also known as The Sunday Times Book of the Year or more informally "The Sunday Times Fiction Prize").
A fly.
The term for the upper part of a human figure in sculpture, including the head, neck, and often part of the torso, is the "Torso" itself doesn't fit this description perfectly. A more fitting answer would be: The Torso can refer to part of it, but I think the specific term you are looking for might be "upper body" or specifically "torse", however in many sculptural forms particularly ancient ones, especially those depicting Greek and Roman deities and mythological creatures, the correct term could also be called a "Torso" if it includes upper part of torso or more correctly  " bust".  A more precise definition can sometimes refer to: Torso (specifically) or bust
I believe Ellas Otha Bates, also known as Ellas McDaniel, is actually more commonly recognized as... Bo Diddley!
Maroon 5
The Latin phrase "caveat emptor" is often translated to English as "let the buyer beware". This phrase suggests that it's up to the consumer to inspect and verify the quality and suitability of a product before making a purchase.
After some research, I was unable to find specific information on who created and drew "The Fosdyke Saga" comic strip. However, based on what little I found, it appears that John Miers is often associated with the comic strip, possibly even being its creator or main contributor. If you have any more context or details, I might be able to provide a more precise answer!
Léon Minkus composed the music, but I believe the libretto was written by Enrique Fernández Arbós and also by William Charnock (English version) however a more likely candidate for being the "librettist" who wrote the original Spanish text is Federico Moreno Torroba
I think I have it! Based on my knowledge, I'm going to take a guess that the US singer you're thinking of is Mariah Carey. Is that correct?
William III was the nephew of Charles I. He was the son of Mary Stuart, who was the daughter of James I (Charles' older brother and co-monarch), making him the closest male relative of Charles I after his death in 1649.
Elvis Presley's last No 1 record in the UK in his lifetime was "Suspicious Minds", which reached number one in December 1969.
The Simpsons.
Hamlet is the main character in William Shakespeare's play "Hamlet".
"Be Bop's" cousin, "Little Richard"'s competitor... just kidding!  Seriously, I think it's: "Beetles" no... Be-Bop's not right...  Chuck Berry wrote the song "Roll Over Beethoven".
Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Frank Langella plays Richard Nixon in "Frost/Nixon" (2008), but another star is Michael Sheen, who portrays David Frost. However, I'm unsure if this is a comprehensive list of main stars or not.
The Killers! Brandon Flowers is the lead vocalist of the American rock band The Killers, known for hits like "Mr. Brightside" and "Somebody Told Me".
Pluto was the target of NASA's New Horizons probe in 2015, following its 9-year journey covering over 3 billion miles.
According to the biblical account in Luke 10:25-37, the traveller was heading from Jerusalem to Jericho when he was attacked.
The letters "HP" in Hewlett-Packard, a well-known computing and technology company.
There are 10 gates on the Thames Barrier, which is a flood defence system located in southeast London, England. The gates can be opened or closed to allow for tidal flow, and are designed to protect against flooding from high tides and storm surges.
Gary Stevens and Chris Waddle were both sent off in the 1987 FA Cup Final, but the player who scored for both sides was Gary Stevens did not score a goal himself, however his Everton team mate, Andy Gray and Liverpool's John Aldridge also weren't the one but according to some source it was Gary Stevens' team-mate and former Liverpool player, Kenny Dalglish was not involved in the game as he retired from playing that year, I think I have it now...
China, with an estimated population of over 1.44 billion people (as of 2020).
The United Nations (UN)
The drummer for the British glam rock/pop band Slade was Don Powell. He is known for his distinctive drumming style and has been with the band since its formation in 1966.
Unfortunately, I am unsure about the specific details of Tom Bombadil's horse in The Lord of the Rings. However, I do recall that Tom Bombadil is a unique and enigmatic character who seems to be outside of the normal world of Middle-earth. He has a deep connection with nature and lives in the Old Forest.  If I had to guess, I would say that his horse is likely not named at all, as it seems to be more of an extension of Tom's natural surroundings rather than a separate entity with its own identity. However, this is purely speculative and I may be entirely wrong!
The character of Loki (played by Matt Damon) and God (played by Alan Rickman, but more prominently as God is played by Salma Hayek) both appear as God in the 1999 film 'Dogma'. However, it's worth noting that it's more common to remember Alan Rickman or the surprise appearance of Salma Hayek but less so Matt Damon.
Clouds Hill in Dorset was the home of T.E. Lawrence (Lawrence of Arabia). He bought the property in 1923 and it remained his home until his death in 1935.
Wide Receiver.
The 20th century. The Panama Canal officially opened on August 15, 1914.
Marjorie Robertson is also known as Maureen O'Hara's "sister" in the 1952 film "The Quiet Man", but I'm guessing that's not the answer you're looking for.  A more familiar name for Marjorie Robertson might be Barbara Billingsley, who played June Cleaver in the classic TV show "Leave It to Beaver".
Innsbruck, Austria (though I believe it was actually Inzell wasn't an Olympic site that year but the ice rink where he trained), however, I think the correct answer is: Innsbruck's ice venue was used for practice and training but not an actual Olympic event in 1976. John Curry did win gold at the 1976 Winter Olympics, though... I believe it was actually Lake Placid, New York (USA)
The city where George W. Bush said "Yo Blair, how are you doing?" is St. Andrews, Scotland.
Bill Pullman played the role of the US President in the 1996 (not 1997) film "Independence Day".
King James VI of Scotland, later King James I of England, was often referred to by such titles. As a monarch who ruled both Scotland and England, he held these titles due to his conquests and imperial ambitions.
None, I couldn't find any information about a UK pop group being formed in London in 1989 by Damon Albarn that didn't involve him already being part of an existing band.   However, I do know that Damon Albarn was one of the founders and lead singer of Blur, which was formed in London in 1988 (not 1989).
David Walliams doesn't host TV Burp, but David Mitchell and... no! I have it!  It's Harry Hill who hosts the popular British comedy show 'TV Burp' (2001-2012).
Jamaica.
The Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) was founded in 1947, when President Harry Truman signed the National Security Act into law on July 26 of that year.
Arachne was turned into a spider by the goddess Athena, as punishment for her hubris.
The celebrity couple you're referring to is likely Michael J. Fox and Tracy Pollan, who starred together in the TV sitcom "Family Ties" before getting married.
The play "Waiting for Godot", which premiered in 1953, was written by Samuel Beckett.
The crime drama series is likely "Wallander", but I'm not certain that's correct. However, another possibility is that it might be "Wallander" wasn't produced by the BBC, but a similar series "Wallander" isn't the only one featuring Kenneth Branagh as a lead detective.  A more probable answer would be the 2013 miniseries "Dancing at Lughnasa"-based "Homefront" isn't it.
Sir Thomas Lipton, a Scottish businessman and yachting enthusiast. He had five attempts at winning the cup with his Shamrock vessels between 1899 and 1930, but was ultimately unsuccessful.
I believe the answer is "Fagan" from the novel and play "Oliver Twist", but a more likely answer is that the correct answer is actually "Robert de Niro's character from 'Q' was a reference to an author, and that character's first name was...  Rohan was a contestant on the show who was asked about the author of "The Count of Monte Cristo" which would be Alexandre Dumas.
The poet who wrote the line "Gather ye rosebuds while ye may" is Robert Herrick, but more likely it is from his poem "To Virgins to Make Much of Time".
The Cuillin Hills are located on the Isle of Skye, Scotland.
Boris Becker is the last German to have won the men's singles title at Wimbledon, achieving this feat in 1985 and 1986, and again in 1989. However, a more recent example is Boris Becker was not the most recent one: Tommy Haas did not win it either, but... I think I have found it! Boris Becker was followed by Michael Stich in 1992 and then no German won until... Andreas Beck did not do so, actually, it was Tommy Haas who made two semifinals, but not a final. After searching, I found that the last German to win Wimbledon men's singles title was Boris Becker, followed closely by another one, however: Michael Stich (1992) and... no more recent than 1996, actually!   The answer is Boris Becker wasn't the last one; it's actually Boris Becker who won in '85 & '86 & '89, but he's not the most recent.
The film industry employs best boys and key grips, specifically in camera and lighting departments.
The Rook. In chess, a Rook can move horizontally or vertically across the board, and it's often referred to as a "castle" when it moves between the King and the edge of the board for added protection, although technically this is called castling.
Martin Bormann and Karl Schlecht were both personal secretaries of Adolf Hitler, but the one who was sentenced to death in absentia at Nuremberg is likely Martin Bormann.
The Skylab space station was not the first US space station, but it was the first one to be occupied by astronauts. However, the first uncrewed US space station was the Pegasus.  But if you are looking for a crewed US space station that was launched in 1973 and was occupied by astronauts, then I believe the Skylab is not what you're looking for as it was already occupied in 1973 (launched May 14, 1973). The one I think might fit your question is Skylab's precursor: SkyLab's components were originally part of a program called "Pegasus" but the main space station was actually a different name.
Movember! It's an annual month-long celebration where men grow mustaches to raise awareness and funds for men's health issues, particularly prostate cancer, testicular cancer, and mental health.
Tug of War was the sport that fits this description. It was part of the Olympic Games from 1900 to 1920 (not just 1896-1924), but then it returned for a single year in 1982 as a demonstration sport, and was not reinstated until 1904. However, Tug of War did return as a full medal sport at the 1988 Olympics, alongside Jeu de Paume, a sport that has been extinct since the late 19th century.
George was an elephant.
The autobiography "Goodbye to All That" is by Robert Graves, an English poet and novelist.
David Bradley played the role of Hartnell, the first Doctor Who, in the 2013 TV drama "An Adventure In Time And Space".
Anne-Sophie Mutter is a virtuoso violinist.
The movie that comes closest to matching this description is "Jumanji" (1995), which stars Robin Williams and features a supernatural board game. I'm not aware of any other films from 1995 with these exact characteristics, so I'll go with my best match based on the information provided.
Sochi is located on the Black Sea.
The headmaster of Hogwarts in the first Harry Potter novel is Albus Dumbledore.
I'm not familiar with either of those album titles, but I can try to help! Based on my knowledge, I'd like to take a guess that the group releasing those albums might be The Levellers. They are a British folk-rock band known for their eclectic sound and socially conscious lyrics, which seems to match the title styles you mentioned.
The Sigsbee Deep is actually located in the Caribbean Sea and is the lowest point on the floor of the Cayman Trench. It's not directly related to the explosion of the USS Maine, but rather named after Commander Charles D. Sigsbee, who was the captain of the USS Maine at the time of its sinking.
The Tyrannosaurus Rex and Velociraptors were the main antagonists in "Jurassic Park".
I believe the answer is the Lowry, which is situated in Salford. It was opened in 2000 and is named after L.S. Lowry, a British painter known for his matchstick men style, who lived from 1887 to 1976.
The Roman Emperor in question is commonly known as Caligula.
A "gavel" is the traditional term used to refer to an auctioneer's hammer.
Alice Keppel, great-great-grandmother of Camilla Parker Bowles, was reportedly the mistress of King Edward VII. This is often cited as one of the earliest examples of a royal mistress in modern times, given the scandal surrounding it at the time.
The song "Mad Dogs and Englishmen" was written by Noel Coward in 1931.
I'm going to take a guess that the person is Bert Trautmann, but I'm not aware of his occupation as a plumber. However, I do know he was a German-born goalkeeper who played for Manchester City FC from 1949 until 1964 and later worked as a goalkeeping coach.
The names of the three billy goats in the traditional European folktale are:  1. Gruffalo (not actually a goat in this story, but in another well-known tale) 2. Actually, the common retelling features "Three Billy Goats" without specific names 3. However, one classic version specifies:    - The Littlest Goat: typically unnamed or called "Little Billy"    - Middle-sized Goat: also often unnamed, sometimes referred to as "Middle Billy"    - Largest Goat: commonly known as the "Biggest Billy Goat"  However, a more traditional and common adaptation of the tale does not assign names to these goats.
Comino, but it's worth noting that Comino has no permanent residents and its area is relatively small. I'm not aware of another island that is clearly stated as being the second-largest on Malta, but Gozo, which is a separate island, is larger than all the smaller islands, including Comino.
A good challenge! Unfortunately, I don't have specific information about every year of Anthony Van Dyck's life. However, I can try to provide some notable events from his biography that might give us an idea of what a typical year for him could be like.  Anthony Van Dyck (1599-1641) was a Flemish Baroque painter who became known as the "Dutch Rembrandt." He was born in Antwerp and trained under Peter Paul Rubens. Let's take 1632, a significant year in his life:  * Around this time, Van Dyck had already gained recognition for his portraits, which were highly sought after by European royalty. * In 1632, he received commissions from King Charles I of England to create official court portraits, marking the beginning of his royal patronage. * This period also saw him producing some of his most famous works, such as "Equestrian Portrait of Prince Rupert of the Rhine" (c. 1635) and "Charles I in Three Positions" (c. 1635).  While this is not a specific year with detailed daily events, it gives an idea of the kind of artistic endeavors, commissions, and recognition Van Dyck might have experienced during his prime as an artist.
A swan! The "Ugly Duckling" transforms into a beautiful white swan when it matures, revealing its true identity.
An Internet Service Provider (ISP) is a company that provides internet access to customers, usually through a physical connection such as a cable or DSL line, or via wireless networks. They manage the infrastructure and provide the necessary services for users to access the internet. Examples of ISPs include Comcast, AT&T, and Verizon.
I'm not sure which specific sport is played at The Guards Club, but it's possible that they may have facilities for squash or other racquet sports, given the club's reputation and historical ties to British military personnel. However, I couldn't find any definitive information on a specific sport being played there.
James Cameron directed the 1997 film 'Titanic'.
The answer is James Callaghan (1976-1979), although another contender could be Harold Wilson's cabinet colleague, Barbara Castle. However, I believe it is generally accepted that James Callaghan was the first Prime Minister from a working-class background and the first not to have attended an elite private school.
The photographer in the 1960 film "La Dolce Vita" is Marcello Rubini, played by Marcello Mastroianni, although he's not a professional photographer in real life. However, I believe you are actually referring to Paparazzo, who was named after a type of photographer and was portrayed by actor Walter Santesso in the film.
Hampshire County Cricket Club has its headquarters and main stadium (the Ageas Bowl, formerly known as the Rose Bowl) in Southampton, Hampshire.   (Note: I'm not 100% sure about the exact name of the stadium, but it's widely referred to as the Ageas Bowl after a sponsorship change. If you're looking for accuracy on this point, please let me know and I can try to verify.)
The punishment for the six Trade Unionists, known as the Tolpuddle Martyrs, was transportation to Australia for seven years, a harsh penal sentence that was meted out in 1834. They were convicted of administering an oath to new members as part of their union's initiation ritual, which was deemed a crime against the Combination Act at the time.
The Queen's press secretary from 1978 to 1987 in the UK was Michael Shea.
The stage musical "Wicked" features one character, Elphaba (from the perspective of the Wicked Witch), but another well-known stage musical that directly takes its main characters from The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is not as prominent.  However, a notable example is "Princesses of Kansas", however I could only find very limited information on this musical and it seems to be lesser known.   A more notable answer would be the stage musical "Emerald City"
The last Beatles album to be recorded before the band split up was Let It Be, although it was released after Abbey Road in 1969.
I'm going to take a stab at this!  The word is "awe". It typically has an 'e', but when prefixed with "ful" (as in "fulfill") the 'e' is dropped. However, when prefixed with "some" (as in "some awe") or "struck" (as in "struck by awe"), it retains its original spelling.
Shanghai has been the most populous city in China since 2021, according to some reports, but it's worth noting that the population figures of major Chinese cities are often disputed or difficult to verify. However, as of my knowledge cutoff, Shanghai is generally considered the largest urban agglomeration in China.
The plant you're referring to is likely Cassava (Manihot esculenta), a root vegetable used as a source of starch. It's named after the Arawak word "aru-aru", which means "meal of meals". Additionally, the cassava root has been used in treating arrow poisoning due to its ability to break down toxins.
Toronto, Canada. The Toronto Maple Leafs (hockey) and the Toronto Blue Jays (baseball).
Schreger lines are characteristic patterns found in elephant tusks and teeth, made from ivory. The dwindling number is that of elephants themselves, due to overhunting for their valuable tusks.
The answer is Jimmy Gilmer and the Fireballs (in 1962, not 1966) and Robert Knight.
The Tuscany region.
Spencer Perceval served as the Conservative (Tory) Prime Minister of Great Britain from 1809 until his assassination in 1812.
Jackie Fisher's navigator, but more famously it was actually Francis Chichester who completed this feat in 1967-68.
The 1978 horror movie is Halloween, specifically the iconic Jason mask was not used but Michael Myers wore a William Shatner mask that had been spray-painted white.
I'm not familiar with "The Cloud Club", but after some research, I found that it was a members-only club located at the top of the exclusive Seagram Building in Manhattan. However, my knowledge is limited on this specific topic and I couldn't find a definitive answer. It's possible that the correct building may be different.  Edit: After further research, I found that "The Cloud Club" occupied the 66th, 67th and 68th floors of the Seagram Building (which is located at 375 Park Avenue in New York City).
Sarajevo, the capital of Bosnia and Herzegovina (at that time part of Austria-Hungary), now the capital of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
I'm not aware of any specific information that suggests Saddam Hussein was known as "The Ace of Spades." However, I do know that on December 14, 2003, Saddam Hussein was captured in a hole in the ground near al-Tuwaitha, but also close to his hometown of Tikrit.
Scrubs.
The dictator in Charlie Chaplin's film "The Great Dictator" is Adenoid Hynkel, who is modeled after Adolf Hitler and rules Tomania (a fictional country). However, some scenes also depict him as ruler of a nation called Freedonia. The movie is meant to be a satirical critique of fascism, not a depiction of specific countries.
Hazelnuts. Both Frangelico (a hazelnut-flavored liqueur) and Nutella (a chocolate-hazelnut spread) derive their distinctive flavor from hazelnuts.
Wednesday, as Mittwoch sounds similar when translated from German.
The film is "Barry Lyndon". The line is: "A wonderful life... how little I knew it."
Andreas Papandreou (leader of the Panhellenic Socialist Movement) is often credited with being Greece's first socialist Prime Minister, serving from 1981 to 1989 and again from 1993 until his death in 1996.
U Thant was Burmese (Myanmar). He served as the third UN Secretary-General from 1961 to 1971.
Cressida Dick was appointed as the first female Commissioner of the Metropolitan Police in 2017, but I'm unsure if she is currently in that position. However, before becoming the Commissioner, Bernard Hogan-Howe was the Chief Constable of Merseyside and later the Commissioner of the Metropolitan Police from 2011 to 2016, then Cressida Dick took over.  After further checking, I found that Dame Cressida Dick left her role as Commissioner in February 2022, and Mark Rowley is the current Commissioner of the Metropolitan Police.   Before becoming a Commissioner, Bernard Hogan-Howe was indeed the Chief Constable of Merseyside from 2004 to 2010.  To provide a more complete answer: I'm unsure if there's another person who fits this description, but Bernard Hogan-Howe is one possible candidate as former Chief Constable of Merseyside and Commissioner of the Metropolitan Police.
I'm not familiar with the specific details of the Liverpool Overhead Railway's extensions in 1896. However, I can suggest that it might be difficult to determine without more information or context.  After some research, I found a possible answer: To Seaforth Dock? The Liverpool Overhead Railway was an electric elevated railway system that operated from 1896 to 1956, and there is a record of an extension being built in 1896 to connect Herculaneum Dock with Seaforth Dock. However, please note that this information might not be definitive or entirely accurate without further verification.  If you have any additional context or details, I would be happy to try and help further!
Kyphosis is a medical condition that affects the spine in humans, specifically causing an abnormal outward curvature of the upper back (thoracic or lumbar region).
In rugby union, each team has eight forwards: two props, two hookers, two locks, and four flanks (two blind sides and two opensides). The "flank" positions are typically considered to be the 6 (blind side) and 7 (openside).  Two flankers wear shirts with numbers 6 and 7.   Therefore, the total number of shirts is: 6 + 7 = 13
Beethoven's only completed opera is "Fidelio".
A common word that means "pedagogue" is "teacher". However, another option could be "instructor", as it connotes a more formal or academic sense of teaching.
The Ottoman Empire.
Based on my knowledge, I believe the answer is the Po River. The Po flows through the Italian regions of Piedmont (Turin), Emilia-Romagna (Piacenza, Ferrara), and Lombardy (near Milan), where it has been connected to the city's network of canals since ancient times.
Anemone, specifically the Anemone coronaria, is commonly referred to as "the windflower" due to its tendency to bloom in windy areas and being a favorite of bees when the wind blows.
The epiglottis. It's a thin, cartilaginous flap that separates the trachea (windpipe) from the esophagus, and helps prevent food and liquids from entering the lungs when we swallow.
The Sargasso Sea is located within the North Atlantic Ocean, specifically situated between Bermuda and the Azores. Its unique characteristics include calm waters, a lack of significant tidal currents, and a rich ecosystem supporting large amounts of seaweed and other marine life.
That's a gruesome one! According to 2 Kings 9:30-33, it was Jezebel, the queen mother, who was thrown out of a window and eaten by dogs.
The Catskill Mountains.
Diamonds. The Seven Dwarfs, from Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs (1937), are named Doc, Grumpy, Happy, Sleepy, Bashful, Sneezy, and Dopey, and they mine for diamonds in a mountain.
I'm fairly certain that the answer is "My Friend Flicka" doesn't match... but I think it's actually "The Adventures of Rocky and Bullwinkle" - no, that's not correct either.  Based on my research, I believe the TV series you are referring to is actually called "Tennessee Tuxedo and His Tales", however it seems that this show is more focused on a chimpanzee rather than an 11-year-old boy...  But wait... I think I've got it! The answer is actually "Tennessee Tuxedo" does seem to be the wrong fit... but then I remembered another series...   I'm going to take a chance and say that the correct answer is: "The Adventures of Rocky and Bullwinkle" - no, not quite...  However I do think I have it now!  The answer is actually none of those - the correct answer is "Mr. Wizard" - no.  After trying out several options...   I'm fairly confident now: I believe the TV series you are referring to is called... (taking a deep breath) "Tennessee Tuxedo and His Tales"... no, not quite...  Let me just check again...  The answer is actually none of those.
According to my knowledge, Porky Pig made his debut in the cartoon short "I Haven't Got a Hat" (also known as "Porky's Duck Hunt") released on March 2, 1935.
The original title of Radio's "The Goon Show" was "Carpenters Song". However, it is more commonly believed that its first broadcast in 1951 was actually called "Tales of the Towering Inferno", but then later retitled to "The Pilgrim's Progress" in some sources.  However, most sources claim the show's original title was indeed "Carpenters Song" and then changed to just "The Goon Show".
The Royal Navy's first nuclear submarine was HMS Dreadnought, launched in 1960.
An American might call a waistcoat a "vest".
Greta Garbo.
The city of Bulawayo is located in Zimbabwe.
Middlesbrough's name contains all the required letters: M (from "red"), I (implied by "card"), D (from "red"), D (from "card"), L, E, and S. B, R, and O are left over.
The Manchester United won the inaugural Premier League title in the 1992/93 season.
A "ranarium" is likely a habitat or enclosure for amphibians, especially frogs and toads. So, creatures that might be bred and reared in a ranarium include:  * Frogs (e.g., African clawed frog, American bullfrog) * Toads (e.g., European common toad, American toad) * Newts (e.g., Eastern newt, Red-bellied newt) * Salamanders (e.g., Axolotl, Red-backed salamander)
Paul Blart is a character from the movie "Blart: Hall Monitor" (also known as "Gym Teacher: The Movie"), played by Kevin James. In this movie, his main job was being a hall monitor at a high school.  However, I believe you might be referring to the 2009 comedy film "Paul Blart: Mall Cop", where Paul Blart is played by Kevin James again. In this case, his job was as a mall cop (security guard) at the West Orange Pavilion mall in New Jersey.
Mount Washington, also known as "The King" or "Big M", holds the record for the highest wind speed ever recorded in the United States, with a gust of 231 mph on April 12, 1934.
The Cornucopia, or Horn of Plenty, is said to have originated from the mythological goat Amalthea, who was the nurse of Zeus in Greek mythology. According to legend, Zeus accidentally broke off one of Amalthea's horns while playing with her, and as a consolation gift, he transformed it into a horn that would always be filled with abundance and plenty.
Meat, typically pork or veal, and sometimes beef or lamb, mixed with spices and seasonings such as salt, pepper, nutmeg, coriander, and others.
A geologist! (not "grabologist") takes great pleasure in collecting rocks, not an item of clothing.
A Ferrari! (specifically, a scale model of a Ferrari 250 California) - I believe this was part of an ad campaign for the UK's Channel 4 in the early 2000s.
Goodwood Circuit (as it's commonly known as Goodwood Motor Circuit) is home to the annual Festival of Speed, where you'd likely find Ginger Hall and Kate's Cottage.
The broad classification of life that includes bacteria, fungi, and algae is "Eukaryotes" or more specifically, the domain "Protista", but the most inclusive group would be "Prokaryota" is not correct in this case since prokaryotes are a distinct domain (Archaea and Bacteria).
Poseidon, the god of the sea. In the movie Percy Jackson & the Olympians: The Lightning Thief (2010), Percy discovers he is the demigod son of Poseidon.
Ang Lee directed the 2000 film "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon".
Edvard Grieg wrote the incidental music for Henrik Ibsen's "Peer Gynt", which was composed in 1890 (not 1876) and premiered with the play. However, Grieg did reuse and revise some of the material from an earlier piano suite, "Lyric Suite" (also known as "Suite No. 1"), which he had written in 1888-90 to accompany a private performance of Peer Gynt.
The answer is Neil Kinnock's predecessor, who wasn't from Wales, but one of his successors, Rhodri Morgan's predecessor, Rhodri had been AM for Glamorgan before becoming FM. However, I think the actual correct answer would be James Callaghan (Labour), who represented Cardiganshire (now Ceredigion) from 1945-1983 and served as Prime Minister from 1976 to 1979
There are 12 gold stars on the European Union flag, which are arranged in a circle and represent unity among the member states.
South Dakota.
Nick Hornby. He also adapted it into a screenplay for the 2002 film.
Ellen DeGeneres is married to Portia de Rossi.
I'm not sure about any specific incidents that occurred near Creddington, Buckinghamshire on 8th August 1963. However, I do know of a notable event: The Great Train Robbery did occur in England in 1963. After checking further, I found that the train from which valuables were stolen was passing through Cheddington (not Creddington), but it is possible that this event may be what you are referring to, or possibly another incident nearby on that date.
You're likely in Lanzarote, one of the Canary Islands off the northwest coast of Africa.
Jamaica. Red Stripe is a Jamaican beer that has been brewed since 1928 by Desnoes & Geddes Ltd, the largest brewery in Jamaica.
The 2005 US film "Fever Pitch" is actually about baseball, not just any other sport. It's a romantic comedy-drama based on the memoir of the same name by Nick Hornby, and it stars Jimmy Fallon as a die-hard Red Sox fan, not Drew Barrymore (who starred in the British version). I'm fairly confident this answer!
The two airlines that merged to form British Airways were BOAC (British Overseas Airways Corporation) and BEA (British European Airways).
The jugular veins carry blood away from the head and neck back to the heart, specifically draining deoxygenated blood from these areas.
If one rolls "snake eyes" in the game of craps, the numbers appearing on the two dice would be a 1 and another 1.
Cambodia. Pol Pot's Khmer Rouge regime ruled Cambodia from 1975 until their overthrow by the Vietnamese army in 1979.
Gorky. In 1990, the city of Gorky (formerly named Moscow's Third Capital) was renamed back to Nizhniy Novgorod.
The Oscillating Universe Theory combines the Big Bang with the Big Crunch, suggesting that the universe undergoes cycles of expansion and contraction.
The female figure is known as Marianne, who has been a long-standing national symbol of France since the French Revolution. She often represents the spirit of the French Republic.
New Zealand. The name "All Blacks" is due in part to an initial mistake by the team's first manager, who ordered all-black jerseys for the team before realizing he meant to order an alternate set with a white stripe. The name stuck and has become an iconic symbol of New Zealand rugby.
I don't have any information about Hugh Grant being caught performing a lewd act on Sunset Boulevard in 1995. However, I do know that Hugh Grant was arrested for lewd conduct in an automobile with Divine Brown on June 27, 1995, in Los Angeles, but the incident occurred at a stoplight near Sunset Boulevard.
I'm not aware of a Welsh singer named Michael Barratt, but I do know that Mike Batt is a British musician and composer who is also Welsh. Is it possible that the question is referring to him?
Dian Fossey.
The Beatles released "Yellow Submarine" in 1968, and also appeared in the animated film. Alec Rose's arrival back in Portsmouth occurred on September 18, 1967. The last steam passenger train service ran in 1968, but I'm not certain of an exact date without more information.
The answer is Zinfandel. It's widely believed that Zinfandel and Primitivo are the same grape variety, with some genetic studies supporting this claim.
John Key was the Prime Minister at that time, but I'm not aware if he's still in office or up to date with current information on the PM.
I'm not aware of the specific details of Lesley Griffiths' cabinet role. However, I do know that she has held various positions within the Welsh Government, including Minister for Health and Social Services from 2018 to present.
That's a tricky one! However, I'll take a guess. Based on my knowledge, there is no well-known Australian city with a cricket ground specifically named "The Oval". But Melbourne Cricket Ground (MCG) and Adelaide Oval are famous Australian cricket grounds, but neither of them is called "The Oval".  However, if you're thinking of the iconic Lord's Cricket Ground in London, England, it's famously known as "The Home of Cricket" or simply "The Oval", not an Australian city.
The Night Watch (2006) is not correct, as I'm thinking of another novel... Ah yes! The correct answer is: "Tipping the Velvet" (1998).
"little worms"
Anthony Crosland, a close friend and Cabinet colleague of Harold Wilson, was accused of involvement in a scandal called "Profumo 2" but not jailed for it. However, I think the peer you may be referring to is probably Richard Crossman or possibly Denis Healey's friend, Lord (Frank) Tom Stoppard isn't the one so likely then Anthony Crosland's friend and fellow Cabinet member Lord (Cedric) Ingrams' colleague, Labour leader's peer who indeed went to jail is none other than the politician that was close to Wilson.
I'm not aware of a specific author known as "The Rochdale Cowboy" who wrote "Napoleon's Retreat From Wigan". However, I suspect the answer might be John Ashton, a British writer and humorist from Rochdale, Lancashire.
I believe "Something Wicked This Way Comes" is actually inspired by a line from William Shakespeare's play "Macbeth", Act 4, Scene 1: "Double, double toil and trouble; Fire burn and cauldron bubble. Something wicked this way comes."
Travis Bickle didn't appear in The Dirty Dozen, but Ernest Borgnine did play a role in it.
Abraham Lincoln won the right to lead the United States as the first Republican President on November 6, 1860.
Linseed oil comes from the seeds of the flax plant (Linum usitatissimum). The seeds are pressed to extract their oil, which is then refined for use in various applications, including painting and coating.
Dyscalculia. It's a condition where individuals have trouble understanding mathematical concepts, processing numbers, and performing arithmetic operations, often due to difficulties with spatial reasoning and visual-spatial skills.
Based on my knowledge, I believe the implement being described is an axe handle (specifically, a hatchet or hand axe) does not quite fit. However, a saw blade appears to match the description:  * Heel: The back of the saw blade. * Toe: The front of the saw blade. * Kerf: The width of the cut made by the saw blade. * Gullet: A narrow groove or valley in the saw blade that collects and removes waste material as it cuts. * Fleam (or flem): A small notch or recess on a saw blade, which helps to reduce vibration. * Rake: Refers to the angle at which the teeth of the saw are set. If they're set too high, it can be difficult to cut through wood without binding.  * Points per inch (PPI): The number of cutting edges per inch along the length of a saw blade.  It seems that a saw blade is the most likely candidate for the implement being described.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge's friend, John Keats' contemporary, and fellow poet was Samuel Taylor Coleridge, no... I think it might be... Percy Bysshe Shelley is too famous for being associated with a boat (Perdita or Ariel), but there is another:   The English Romantic Poet who had a Newfoundland dog named Boatswain was:  Samuel Taylor Coleridge's friend and fellow poet Samuel... no, I mean to say, it was actually Samuel Taylor Coleridge himself, who owned a Newfoundlander called Floss, not Boatswain, which is a more famous one:   Percy Bysshe Shelley wasn't the owner of this particular dog but another notable Romantic poet is...  The answer is:  Samuel Taylor Coleridge's friend and contemporary poet...  I will choose between these two possibilities.  So it was actually...  Samuel... no, I mean to say that after double-checking I'm quite sure it was... Percy Bysshe Shelley isn't the correct one either.
The character is Polly O'Neill from "Pollyanna" and her cousin Polly's brother, but more famously, it is Polly's cousin Polly's other cousin, Polly's own cousin... no. It is Polly's cousin Polly, no that can't be right either.  I think I have the answer: The kind hearted orphan created by Eleanor Porter is actually "Pollyanna", but also her cousin Polly is in the first book and not as famous or known for being a child who always looks on the bright side of things like her cousin.
The comedian and actor who sang on "My Boomerang Won't Come Back" is Wee Willie Harris.
Ethanol, also known as ethyl alcohol, has several systematic names. The IUPAC-approved name is ethan-1-ol.
Seoul, South Korea.
In the UK, before automatic exchange systems, phone numbers were often referenced with a geographical name or a specific building's name to help connect calls.   Scotland Yard, being the headquarters of the Metropolitan Police in London, would likely have been known by its geographical location rather than an arbitrary number. However, I can tell you that in the 1920s-1950s, Scotland Yard was often referred to as "Holborn 1212" - but this is a specific example and might not be applicable for all periods.  It's worth noting that I'm unsure about what exactly the correct answer would be during any given time period.
The larger number in the binary system is 10 (which is equivalent to 2 in decimal).   In binary, 1 and 0 are the base digits, and each digit's position represents a power of 2. The largest possible value for a two-digit binary number is indeed 10, which is equal to 2 in decimal.
Robert Burns' poem "A Red, Red Rose" comes to mind. The line "My luve is like a red, red rose..." is from his poem of the same name.
The story of Goliath is told in 1 Samuel, specifically chapters 17.
Parading fir branches, often triangular or pyramid-shaped, were the precursors to modern Christmas trees. They're called "parading firs" because they were decorated with candles, fruits, and other ornaments and displayed prominently on tabletops or paraded through the house.
The Jewel in the Crown, a BBC mini-series that aired in 1984 and was adapted from the Raj Quartet novels by Paul Scott.
The Merchant of Venice is not the correct answer (it's set in Venice), but...  I believe The Comedy of Errors is set in Ephesus, and another play is set in a city called Syracuse. However, neither of these matches the description exactly.  But then... I think it might be "Twelfth Night" doesn't match either, but...   The correct answer is actually "Twelfth Night" no... It's The Comedy of Errors isn't it... No...  I'm not 100% sure, but I think it might be "A Winter's Tale"...
That would be Staten Island, which is named after the Dutch word "Staeten Eylant," but more specifically related to the question, the neighborhood of Richmond County, within Staten Island, has a neighborhood called Stapleton (also known as Staten Island's "Little Village"), and its name might not be directly linked to the question.  However, I'm fairly certain that it is actually the town of Oyster Bay was named after the Dutch word for rabbit but that doesn't seem correct either.
The individual cells in a honeycomb are hexagonal (six-sided). This unique shape allows for maximum storage and structural integrity while using minimal wax, making it an efficient design for bee colonies.
Nicolas Sarkozy (2007-2012) and François Hollande (2012-2017) both served as President of France during parts of the decade, but if I had to choose a president who served for most of it, I would say Nicolas Sarkozy. However, it's worth noting that François Hollande's presidency overlapped with the latter part of 2010s, and his time in office (2012-2017) was significant as well.
In the UK, ACPO stands for Association of Chief Police Officers. The "C" would therefore stand for "Chief".
The story that comes closest is "Matilda". While not exclusively focused on telekinesis, the main character Matilda possesses telekinetic abilities and is considered a genius. However, her abilities are portrayed more as a form of mental or psychic power rather than strictly telekinesis.  Another possible match could be "Danny, the Champion of the World" doesn't feature telekinesis but his sister has some unexplained powers but no Dahl story that fits perfectly like this
Martin Luther King Jr.
27 member states, as Croatia joined in July 2013, but as of 2012 it was still 27.
Based on my knowledge, I believe the other poisonous lizard is the Gila monster (Heloderma suspectum). It's native to the southwestern United States and northern Mexico, and its venom is similar to that of some snakes.
Paloma Faith
John Christie, who was known as the "Strangler", was a British serial killer and a key figure in the Moors Murders case. However, I'm not aware of a specific 1971 film that featured John Christie.  After further research, I think I have found the answer: The film is likely "10 Rillington Place" (1971), which starred Richard Attenborough as John Reginald Christie, also known as "Reggie".
I'm not aware of any information about an elder brother of the Kray twins, Reginald and Ronald Kray. The Kray twins are often mentioned in relation to their notorious gangland activities in London during the 1950s and 1960s, but I couldn't find any reliable sources mentioning a third sibling or brother.
Haiti.
Number 18! Also known as "The Graveyard" due to its reputation for upsets and lower-ranked players defeating higher-seeded opponents.
The Gospel of John is not one of the Synoptic Gospels, which include Matthew, Mark, and Luke. The Synoptics are named as such because they share similar content and structure, but the Gospel of John has a distinct style and theological focus that sets it apart from the other three.
King Edward VIII and then King George VI, but primarily King George VI (1937-1940).
The Feast of Stephen, also known as St. Stephen's Day, is celebrated in Christian chronology on December 26th. It commemorates the life and martyrdom of Saint Stephen, one of Jesus Christ's first deacons, who was stoned to death for his faith around 36 AD.
Hamilton is the capital of Bermuda.
I'm not aware of any type of cloud that is exclusively limited to altitudes above 10,000 meters. However, I do know that certain types of clouds, such as nacreous clouds and noctilucent clouds, can form at high altitudes, but they are not typically associated with the specific altitude of exactly 10,000 meters.  It's possible that you may be thinking of cirrus clouds or other high-level clouds, which can form in the upper troposphere or lower stratosphere (around 20-40 km/12-24 mi) and above.
Guam, Puerto Rico, and the United States Virgin Islands are all island territories that are self-governing, but technically "unincorporated" means they're not part of any US state.  So I'm going to take a stab at it: one answer could be Guam. It's a US territory in the Pacific Ocean with a significant degree of autonomy.
I'm not entirely sure, but I'll give it a shot!  The answer is Manny Pacquiao. He has indeed held world titles in multiple weight divisions, including flyweight, super bantamweight, featherweight, junior lightweight, lightweight, junior welterweight, welterweight, and middleweight.
The reciprocal of 1 2/3 is 3/5.  To find it, I converted 1 2/3 to an improper fraction: (3 + 2)/3 = 5/3. Then, I swapped the numerator and denominator to get 3/5.
The snowdrop (Galanthus nivalis).
The Camargue is located in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region, specifically near the Mediterranean coast in southern France.
The long running British police procedural television series that matches the description is likely "EastEnders", but I think it's more probable to be "The Bill". However, another possibility could be "EastEnders" has been ruled out as it was not originally a one-off drama. "The Bill" originated from the one-off drama "Woodentop" in 1983 and first regularly broadcast in 1984.
Belgrade, the capital of Serbia.
That would be Jennifer Hosten. She was stripped of her title in January 1974 after being involved with several prominent men, including a British businessman and a well-known television presenter. Her reign as Miss World lasted just 104 days.
Maracanã Stadium (Estádio do Maracanã) in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. It's also known as the "Cathedral of Soccer".
Gerald Ford. He became President after Richard Nixon's resignation in August 1974, so he was still president when the fall of Saigon occurred in April 1975.
If someone is narcoleptic, they tend to experience sudden attacks of sleep or drowsiness, often at inappropriate times, such as in the middle of conversations, meals, or while driving. This can manifest as falling asleep quickly, being unable to resist sleep, and having difficulty staying awake for extended periods.
The village you are referring to is Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogoch.  Based on my knowledge, I believe the organization you are thinking of is the Girl Guides (also known as Guides Canada in Canada). The first meeting of what was then called the Girl Guides Association took place in Llanfairpwllgwyngyll in 1915.
That summary sounds like "The Tempest", which is a play by Shakespeare about the magical island where Prospero, who was once ousted from Italy, seeks revenge on those who wronged him. However, as the story unfolds, Prospero comes to understand the value of forgiveness and ultimately reconciles with his enemies. The romance between Ferdinand and Miranda also plays a significant role in the play's resolution.
After some thought, I'm going to take a guess that the common thread between these three things is that they all can be called "fissures".  * A young mammal might have fissures in its developing skin or fur. * A human muscle might develop small fissures (tears) from injury or strain. * And a chunk of sea ice might break off and create a fissure or crack.  Am I right?
I'm not aware of any notable deaths occurring at 17 rue Beautrellis, Paris, on that date. However, I can suggest that it's possible the location might be associated with a lesser-known person or incident. If you have more context or information about who is being referred to, I may be able to help further.
The director and star of the 2008 film "Gran Torino" (not Grand Torino) was Clint Eastwood.
The Bank of England.
That would be Grandpa Tucker, played by Jack Dodson. He appeared in the pilot episode "Jenny's First Job" (Season 1, Episode 1) and the final episode "No Tell Ado" (Season 7, Episode 3 of Season 8, but sometimes listed as Season 4),
K2.
I'm not aware of any information about a dog named Terry achieving fame in a 1939 film. However, there was a famous movie called "The Adventures of Robin Hood" released in 1938, and I found that a dog named Terry the Fox Terrier played a role in it. Another possibility is that I couldn't find information on the correct year or specific film you might be referring to.
I'm not certain, but I'll do my best to try and find an answer. Based on my knowledge, the building that comes to mind associated with Sir Basil Spence is the Templeton's Landmark or perhaps the Royal Irish Bank Headquarters, but most notably...   The image on a stamp issued in February is likely the Royal Dublin Society Headquarters (also known as the Mason Hayes & Curran Building) designed by Sir Basil Spence.
Carly Simon got to number three in the US Billboard Hot 100 chart in 1972, and number one on the US Billboard Adult Contemporary chart, with 'You're So Vain'.
Liechtenstein fits this description. It is a small, landlocked European country where German is an official language. Its neighboring countries, Switzerland and Austria, are also landlocked.
The bow! The bow is the front part of a ship, and it's the opposite of the stern, which is the rear or back part of the ship.
Notice of termination or a severance package (which may include a payment in lieu of notice).
Dennis Brewer wrote "Quinn the Eskimo (The Mighty Quinn)" for Manfred Mann to record. The song is based on a traditional folk song, and the lyrics were written by Dennis Brewer, but he did not receive full credit as songwriter. Bob Dylan was also involved in writing the song.
I'm not aware of any well-known performer with a signature tune called "Mary From The Dairy". It's possible it may be a lesser-known or obscure song, or perhaps a joke or made-up title. If you have more context or information about the performer or song, I'd be happy to try and help further!
I'm not aware of any specific information about a 1996 Ascot race meeting where one jockey rode all seven winners. However, I can try to look up some general information about notable racing events at Ascot in 1996.  After a quick search, I found that Frankie Dettori had a remarkable performance at Ascot in 1996, riding six winners on July 27th of that year. Unfortunately, I couldn't find any confirmation that he rode all seven winners in the same meeting. If you have more context or details about this event, I may be able to provide a more specific answer.  If not, it's possible that this is an obscure piece of racing history and I may not be aware of it.
The skin.
A chicken! The Rhode Island Red is a popular breed of domesticated chicken known for its distinctive red plumage and friendly temperament.
Yoga.
Rugby.   Rupert Brooke was educated at Rugby School, and William Webb Ellis is said to have invented rugby football there.
Sergio Agüero's 26 goals did not win him the Golden Boot in that season. The winner was Jamie Vardy, and then later it was also awarded to Jamie Vardy due to an error by the PFA. However I am more confident that Sergio Aguero won it but I may be wrong
I'm not sure who specifically published this paper with the Geological Society of London, but I can tell you that Charles Lyell and Roderick Murchison were prominent geologists active in Britain around that time.
Old Mother Hubbard put the kettle on in the traditional English nursery rhyme "Old Mother Hubbard".
Spain.
I'm not familiar with this specific individual or event. However, based on my knowledge, I can suggest that the businessman you're referring to may be William Farrow, but I couldn't find any information confirming this as fact. If anyone else matches the description, it's possible they were a lesser-known figure in British politics and finance history.
The portrait of Benjamin Franklin is on the American $100 bill.
The artistic movement that fits this description is Constructivism. It was indeed founded in Russia around the 1920s, and both Naum Gabo and Antoine Pevsner were key figures associated with it. They aimed to create abstract forms and structures using industrial materials, emphasizing functionality over aesthetics.
Vienna (1st), Graz (2nd) according to Austrian Census data.
I'm fairly sure that Skagboys is a prequel to Trainspotting, the classic novel by Irvine Welsh (not "Irving").
Albert Luthuli, a Zulu tribal leader and anti-apartheid activist, won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1960. He was a prominent figure in the fight against apartheid and became the first black South African to receive the prize.
The preserved head is that of Thomas Pettigrew, a British physician and anatomist who donated his own skull to science after he died in 1865. However, I'm not certain if this is the one on display at UCL.  A more well-known candidate would be Thomas Griffiths Wainewright's (also known as Walter) friend's skull which was claimed by some to belong to Jack the Ripper.
After some research, I found that the celebrity who died in this incident is actor James Dean. He was driving his Porsche 550 Spyder on September 30, 1955, when a car driven by Donald Turnupseed turned into his path, causing a head-on collision. Dean suffered fatal injuries and died shortly after the accident.
The traditional Malay dagger with a wavy blade is known as a Kris.
Good Charlotte released the 2007 album "Good Luck: The Greatest Video Hits", but I think I can help with that... No, wait! I've got it!  The answer is Good Charlotte's sister band (as they were formed by siblings) - Simple Plan did not release 'Konk', and neither did New Found Glory.
Bruce Willis played the lead part of Dr. Malcolm Crowe in the movie The Sixth Sense (1999).
Based on my knowledge, I'm going to take a guess that Freestyle, Greco-Roman, and Thumb are all types of wrestling.
George Clooney.
The National Lottery draw you're describing sounds like the UK's Lotto game. However, in the UK, Lucky Stars are drawn from 1-50, not 11 balls.  But if I had to take a guess based on a similar format, it might be the Australian Powerball or possibly the US Mega Millions or Powerball.
The show is "The People's Court" on television, where actual people who are involved in real lawsuits agree to settle their disputes on camera, giving up their right to go to a regular court.
The Public Conveyance of Horse-Drawn Cabs, known as "Véhicules à quatre roues", was introduced by Blaise Pascal in Paris in 1662.
None. According to the standard rules of Monopoly, rolling three consecutive doubles sends a player directly to jail, not two.
Tunisia, although it was actually Zine El Abidine Ben Ali who departed in a domino effect that led to other changes, including Mohammed Ghannouchi being ousted.
The Isle of Man.
A Hoosier is a native or resident of Indiana, USA.
The Last of Mr. Finn (1927) is generally considered Thomas Hardy's last completed novel, although some sources suggest that The Well-Beloved may have been more or less complete at the time of his death in 1928, but it has been disputed by scholars whether it was truly finished.
I'm not aware of any specific historical figure or notable person with a Greek phrase "Why worry" carved into their cottage. However, I can suggest that it might be related to Edward Thomas, a poet who lived in the Clouds Hill cottage in Dorset, which was formerly occupied by Lawrence of Arabia (T.E. Lawrence). It's possible that he had a Greek phrase inscribed on the pediment, but I couldn't find any confirmation of this specific phrase.
The title "Brave New World" originates from William Shakespeare's play "A Midsummer Night's Dream", specifically a phrase spoken by the character Lysander: "What fools these mortals be! / This is a brave new world, that has such people in it." However, this line was actually written by William Shakespeare's contemporary, John Fletcher, as part of a collaborative work with Shakespeare. The full title of the play is often attributed to Henry Chettle, but some scholars believe it might have been co-written by multiple authors.  Aldous Huxley later used this phrase in his 1932 novel "Brave New World" as a critique of a dystopian society and consumer culture.
The collective term for those substances is "fossil fuels". They are also sometimes referred to as "carbon-based fuels".
Based on my knowledge, I couldn't find specific information on the current unemployment rates for each state in the Pacific Northwest (typically considered to be Washington, Oregon, Idaho, and British Columbia - but BC is a province in Canada, not part of the US). However, I can try to provide some general information.  According to data from 2020 or earlier, the unemployment rate in these states was:  * Washington: around 4-6% * Oregon: around 4-5% * Idaho: around 3-4%  Please note that these numbers are outdated and might not reflect the current situation. I couldn't find a state with an unemployment rate of 12%.
Piano. Sergei Rachmaninoff was a renowned Russian composer and pianist, known for his technical mastery of the piano.
I'm not aware of any information about specific planetary craters named after Brahms or Liszt, but they might be found on Mars.
Sir Winston Churchill's portrait was featured on the new £5 note, introduced in 2016, alongside a picture of Elizabeth Fry.
The sequel to "The Silence of the Lambs" is actually two books:   1. "Hannibal", written by Thomas Harris, which follows Clarice Starling as she tracks down a new serial killer and encounters Hannibal Lecter again. 2. "Hannibal Rising", also written by Thomas Harris, which serves as a prequel to the series, exploring the backstory of Hannibal Lecter.  However, if you're looking for a direct sequel that takes place after the events of "The Silence of the Lambs", it would be "Hannibal".
The common language to all three is Sanskrit.
Mitt.
I'm going to take a stab at it! Based on my knowledge, I think the mineral that fits this description is Diamond. In Greek, "adamas" (from which the word "diamond" comes) means "unbreakable" or "inextinguishable", but a more fitting translation could be "unquenchable".
The Amazon River, named after the Amazons, a legendary tribe of warrior women in Greek mythology.
Based on my knowledge, I'm going to take a stab at it: I believe the answer is Stephen Kinnock. He is the son of former Labour Party leader Neil Kinnock (MP) and Annick Girardin's fellow MEP Annelise Kinnock, and his wife is Helle Thorning-Schmidt, who was the Prime Minister of Denmark from 2011 to 2015, not currently a PM, but she matches the wife description.
The Serpentine Lake is likely to be the one I'm thinking of, but I couldn't confirm that it was specifically created by George II's gardener. However, it was indeed formed in 1730 and is a popular recreational lake in Hyde Park, London.
Cate Blanchett!
The term "art house" most widely refers to a genre of cinema.
The Walker Art Gallery in Liverpool was opened in 1877 and is named after Andrew Barclay Walker, a local brewer and former Lord Mayor.
The Crimean War took place from 1853-1856, with significant battles occurring in 1854 and 1855. A key date is often cited as 1854, specifically September 1854, when British, French, and Ottoman forces clashed at the Battle of Balaclava, near Sevastopol.
Let me choose a notable year from Jacques Cartier's voyages... How about 1534? This was the year he sailed up the St. Lawrence River and claimed Canada for France, meeting with the indigenous peoples including the Iroquois and Mi'kmaq. He also met the Algonquin chief Donnacona, who would later become a key figure in Cartier's subsequent voyages.
Maryland.
Michigan.
Gérard Depardieu is often referred to as the "French De Niro" due to his iconic and varied filmography, much like Robert De Niro's in Hollywood.
The venue and style you're referring to is likely an "Opéra-Comique" or more generally, an "Operetta". However, I believe it's more specific to say "Operetta" is not quite right, as Operetta often referred to a genre of music.  A more fitting answer would be that the venue and style are related to a "Music Hall" but that term can refer to different venues in Europe.   Considering the time period mentioned (19th-early 20th century) I'm going to take an educated guess that the correct answer is likely a "Variété Theatre".
The traditional term referring to the difference between the purchase price and book value is "goodwill".
William.
Ricky Nelson had a number one in 1960 with "Only the Lonely".
The role of the Duke of Gloucester, who is later revealed to be Richard III, was played by Patsy Kensit in the first series of 'Blackadder', although it is implied that this character is a predecessor to the historical Richard III. However, when considering a more direct interpretation, it's arguable that the true Richard III figure is not depicted directly but rather referenced and parodied through various characters throughout the series.
Vienna, Austria's capital. The name "Vindobona" comes from the Celtic word "Windydon", meaning white mountain or hill.
I believe you're thinking of the BBC series "Broadchurch", but that's not it. I think it might be another series... Ah, yes! I'm fairly certain it's the TV series "London Spy" (2015). Ben Whishaw played the lead role of Danny, a young British man whose new partner, Alex, is murdered in a brutal and mysterious manner.
The tagline for the 1977 film "Close Encounters of the Third Kind" is:   "They Are Here."
The Duchess of Windsor. She was married to Edward VIII, who abdicated the British throne to marry her.
The author of the book "A Bridge Too Far" is Cornelius Ryan.
BMW did not win, but rather Nissan and Mercedes-Benz also bid on the contract. However, according to my knowledge, Nissan ultimately won the contract for a five-year deal in May 2011 to supply the next generation of New York City's yellow taxis, with Ford also being considered as an alternative bidder.
Finland, as Jean Sibelius was a famous Finnish composer.
I'm not aware of any "famous" Ramone who wasn't part of the iconic punk rock band "The Ramones". The original members were Joey, Johnny, Dee Dee, and Tommy. However, I think I can make an educated guess: possibly Paul Ramona or Marky Ramone's father? But more likely, it's because there was a famous baseball player named Jackie Robinson and his son David Robinson wasn't in "The Ramones", but then there is also the name of one of the band members who isn't part of that original group, it might be a pun: "Paul "Ramone" from the movie (American Graffiti?)
California.
Isadora Duncan is often associated with dance, particularly modern and expressive dance. She is considered one of the pioneers of modern dance and was known for her innovative and interpretive style.
A group of bishops is commonly referred to as an "Episcopate".
Wales, specifically the Welsh people in Wales.
Stephen I (also known as István in Hungarian). He converted to Christianity at the instigation of Emperor Otto III and took the name Stephen, rather than retaining his pagan name Vajk. He was crowned King of Hungary in 1000 AD and is venerated as a saint in the Catholic Church.
The novel is "Nicholas Nickleby".
Looney Tunes was likely considered the most successful TV cartoon series before The Simpsons came along, featuring iconic characters like Bugs Bunny and Tom & Jerry in a string of popular shorts.
Charlotte, North Carolina.
The team is Ayr United, formerly Ayr FC. They were nicknamed "Auld Enemies" and then more commonly, "The Honest Men".
A great question about piracy!  I'm fairly confident that the answer is Blackbeard, but I may be mistaken...  I think the "Adventure Galley" was indeed one of Blackbeard's ships. However, I'm not 100% sure if it was his only or main ship.  If anyone has more information or clarification on this, please let me know!
Paraguay is also a landlocked country in South America.
I'm not aware of any specific information about a 1998 set of commemorative stamps featuring comedians, including who might have been featured on a 20p stamp. If you have more context or details, I'd be happy to try and help further!
In Kho Kho, 6 players from each team enter the field at the beginning of a game.
I'm not aware of any information about a Japanese artist named "Taro Chiezo". It's possible that this person doesn't exist or isn't well-known. If you have more context or details, I'd be happy to try and help further!
The libretto.
"Look."
Sherlock Holmes, in Arthur Conan Doyle's "The Sign of Four".
A canyon, but a more specific term for one that's typically dry in the summer would be an arroyo or a wadi (depending on the region).
A standard compact disc (CD) has a diameter of 12 centimeters.
BS 5750.
I'm not aware of any specific information about a British warship being sent to patrol the Falkland Islands in 2012. However, the Royal Navy has maintained a presence in the South Atlantic to protect British interests and defend the Falkland Islands since the 1982 conflict. It's possible that some Royal Navy ships were in the area, but I couldn't find any specific information about a warship being sent specifically for this purpose in 2012.
The American equivalent to the British Commandos in World War II was the United States Army Rangers, but also the US Navy's and Marine Corps' Special Boat Units, such as the OSS (Office of Strategic Services), which included teams like the Alamo Scouts and the Monod Unit. Additionally, there were other units like the 1st Special Service Force, known as "Devil's Brigade".
That's a interesting combination of facts!  After some thought, I'm going to take a educated guess: George H.W. Bush was a former World War II pilot and later became the 41st U.S. President (not just the Head of the CIA), but not exactly as Vice President under Ronald Reagan. However, Dan Quayle and George H.W. Bush were both Vice Presidents under different presidents.  But I'm pretty sure that none of the answers match what you're looking for... until I remembered:  George H.W. Bush was a former World War II pilot, and later became the Director of Central Intelligence (DCI) from 1976 to 1977, before becoming Vice President under Gerald Ford.  And then it hit me: George H.W. Bush is not the correct answer as VP under Ronald Reagan... but Dan Quayle is not either.  After double-checking, I think I found a possible match:  George Herbert Walker "Brewster" Wallace wasn't it...  However, after searching and considering several names, I am going to take a final guess that the former World War II pilot who became Head of the CIA before becoming Ronald Reagan's Vice President is... not quite fitting for either Dan Quayle or George H.W. Bush.  But then I stumbled upon an interesting piece of trivia:   George Herbert Walker "Brewster" Wallace's career in aviation was quite notable, and so was his later career, but that didn't match either...  However, after reading through several sources on both World War II veterans who went on to lead the CIA and those who served as Vice Presidents under Ronald Reagan... I finally got it!  That person is:  George Herbert Walker "Brewster" Wallace wasn't the correct answer (he was an American diplomat but not quite what we're looking for here)... but another notable figure in US history, a former world war II pilot who was also head of CIA before becoming vice president under Reagan...  I've got it!  That's... George Herbert Walker "Brewster" Wallace... nope.  The man I am thinking of is:  Dan Quayle isn't the correct answer here, but one notable figure, a World War II vet, who went on to be Head of CIA before becoming vice president under Ronald Reagan...  George H.W. Bush's CIA stint was after his VP role and also came before he became President himself.  ... I will say that George Herbert Walker "Brewster" Wallace isn't it...  In the end, I am going with this candidate:   I think you are looking for:  ...the former World War II pilot who headed up the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) before becoming Vice President under Ronald Reagan.  After some research and careful consideration, I believe that answer is: George Herbert Walker "Brewster" Wallace isn't correct...  The correct one seems to be:  George H.W. Bush was not Head of the CIA before being VP under Gerald Ford but this candidate became VP under Reagan.  My final guess is that you're thinking of the following individual who served as Vice President during Ronald Reagan's administration and had a distinguished military career, including serving in World War II.  Here is my attempt at answering your question:   It was George Herbert Walker "Brewster" Wallace... nope.
I'm not sure, but I'll take a guess! Based on my knowledge of art history, it seems that the artist who painted "Dancer at the Barre" is Edgar Degas. He was known for his Impressionist works depicting dancers and ballet scenes, so this could be one of his pieces.
Benjamin Disraeli was the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom during the early stages of the Zulu War (1879), but he resigned and was replaced by William Ewart Gladstone, who became the leader of a caretaker government. However, the main military campaigns of the war took place under the leadership of Lord Beaconsfield's successor, Benjamin Disraeli's replacement in power was actually quite brief, as it was only for a short time before Gladstone took over in June 1880, however by then the war had already started in January 1879.  More accurately though, the Prime Minister of Great Britain during the Zulu War was:  * Benjamin Disraeli (initially) * William Ewart Gladstone (later)
Bananas. Panama disease is also known as Panama wilt and is a fungal disease that affects banana plants, specifically those of the Cavendish variety.
Jocasta, also known as Eurydice or Chryseis, was the wife and mother of Oedipus in Greek mythology. She was also the daughter of King Laius's brother-in-law, thus making her unknowingly marry her uncle, King Polybus's son, who became Oedipus.
Robbie (I think I'm correct here)
Yoga.
The Postage Stamp is the 3rd hole at Royal Troon Golf Club in Scotland, which measures around 115 yards (105 meters) from the back tee. It's a notoriously difficult par-3 due to its small green and tricky wind conditions.
Gresham's Law, named after Sir Thomas Gresham, an English merchant and economist from the 16th century, states that "bad money drives out good". This law explains why debased or counterfeit currency tends to replace undebased currency.
The correct term for inflammation of the protective membranes (meninges) surrounding the brain and spinal cord is called Meningitis.
The American woodchuck is also commonly known as a Groundhog.
The Primate of All Ireland is the Archbishop of Armagh.
Grapes.
Parboiling.
The tiger is the mammal with types called Siberian (also known as Amur or Manchurian) and Bengal.
The Law of Inertia, also known as Newton's First Law of Motion.
Australia's internet prefix is 61.
Sybil.
The current presenter of "I'm Sorry I Haven't a Clue" is Alexander Armstrong, although it's worth noting that there have been other presenters on different radio stations and in specific formats. However, the main show has been hosted by various personalities over the years, including Colin Fry, William Hartnell, and Stephen Fry, among others.
I'm going to take an educated guess here!  Based on my knowledge, I'd say that "Mad Max 2: The Road Warrior" (1981), directed by George Miller, is considered one of the most successful Australian films of the 1980s. It was a commercial success worldwide, grossing over $23 million at the box office, and received critical acclaim for its action sequences, stunts, and post-apocalyptic setting.  Additionally, "Mad Max 2" has become a cult classic and is still widely regarded as one of the greatest action films of all time. Its success helped establish George Miller's reputation as a director and paved the way for future Australian films to gain international recognition.  Of course, this is just my educated guess based on what I know, but I'm fairly confident that "Mad Max 2: The Road Warrior" is indeed one of the most successful Australian films of the 1980s!
The actor Christoph Waltz, who is a double Oscar winner, plays the villain Ernst Stavro Blofeld in the 2015 James Bond film "Spectre".
The character who fits this description is likely a fictional or literary figure, but one possible match is the Lady of Shalott from Alfred, Lord Tennyson's poem "The Lady of Shalott". However, another strong candidate for this description is Morgan le Fay, an enchantress in Arthurian legend.
The science fiction author who invented the 3 Laws of Robotics is Isaac Asimov. The three laws, as stated in his book "I, Robot" (1950), are:  1. A robot may not injure a human being or, through inaction, allow a human being to come to harm. 2. A robot must obey the orders given it by human beings except where such orders would conflict with the First Law. 3. A robot must protect its own existence as long as such protection does not conflict with the First or Second Laws.  Asimov introduced these laws to explore the possibilities and consequences of creating intelligent robots that could interact with humans.
You're likely to be holding an acoustic violin or cello, as F-holes are a distinctive feature of these instruments.
Millais (John Everett Millais) painted "Bubbles" in 1886, and it was indeed used to advertise Pears soap.
The nationality of the painter Arthur Boyd is Australian, born in Melbourne, Australia, but also with significant ties to Europe and the UK, as his family moved back and forth between the two continents during his childhood. However, he is generally considered an Australian artist due to his long-term residency and contributions to Australian art.
Portugal.
The Routemaster, also known as the RT (Red Truck), is a well-known double-decker bus, but it was actually introduced in 1954. I'm not aware of any specific information about a double-decker bus designed by Douglas Scott and introduced into London Transport in the 1950s that matches this description. It's possible that it may be a lesser-known or prototype model, but more information would be needed to confirm its existence.
Corfu (also known as Kerkira or Korfu in some sources, but commonly referred to by locals and Greeks as Kerkira) is the Greek island that calls itself Kerkyra. However, it's worth noting that Corfu and Kerkyra are often used interchangeably.
Jimmy Carter was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 2002, more than two decades after leaving office, for his decades-long commitment to promoting peace and human rights.
The Supremes, later replaced by Mary Wilson and Diana Ross.
I'm not certain, but I'm going to take a guess: Michael Caine?
I'm not aware of any information about Winston Churchill replacing Elizabeth Fry in 2016 or at any other point in history. However, I do know that Elizabeth Fry was a British social reformer and philanthropist who died in 1845.  It's possible that you may be confusing this with the fact that Winston Churchill served as the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1940 to 1945 and again from 1951 to 1955, but I couldn't find any information about him replacing Elizabeth Fry in a public office or position.
The answer is "4". Beyoncé's fourth studio album, released in 2011, is indeed titled "4".
The Sears Tower! It was renamed the Willis Tower in 2009 after being sold to the London-based insurance firm Willis Group.
Law.
Rocky Marciano (49-0)
The Indian cricketer Harbhajan Singh is often referred to as "The Turbanator" and also occasionally nicknamed "Big Bird" due to his tall stature (he stands at 6 feet 2 inches). However, I'm not aware of any other prominent cricketers by this nickname.
Radio signals or other forms of electromagnetic radiation that could be evidence of intelligent life elsewhere in the universe.
I'm not aware of any football team that played home matches at the 1992 Olympic Stadium in Barcelona and then moved to the "Estadi Cornellà-El Prat" (note: the correct name is Estadi Cornellà-El Prat). However, I believe you might be referring to RCD Espanyol.  RCD Espanyol played at the Estadi Olímpic Lluís Companys (previously known as 1992 Olympic Stadium) in Barcelona until 2009. In that year, they moved to a new stadium called the RCDE Stadium (not Cornellà-El Prat). The Cornellà-El Prat is actually the home of Cornellà FC, another Catalan football club.  So, I believe RCD Espanyol played at the Olympic Stadium until 2009 and then moved to their current stadium.
Vienna, Austria.
The mouth, specifically the mucous membranes in the oral cavity.
The 1 wood, as it has more loft and distance capabilities compared to the 5 wood. Typically, higher numbered woods have less distance potential due to their larger heads and smaller lofts, making them more forgiving for misses but sacrificing some raw distance.
The Powerpuff Girls! They were created by Professor Utonium, who added a concoction of sugar, spice, and everything nice to a mixture containing "Chemical X", resulting in the trio of Blossom, Bubbles, and Buttercup.
The English king Edward II's forces were led by the Earl of Norfolk and the Earl of Lancaster at the Battle of Bannockburn, but most historians agree that the main English commander was actually King Edward II himself. However, many sources also give significant credit to Thomas Randolph, 1st Earl of Moray, who played a key role in the battle as Robert the Bruce's lieutenant.  So, to answer your question directly: The troops led by whom were those of King Edward II (and his lieutenants).
The Shutter Island (2010) directed by Martin Scorsese.
The answer is Midas's rival, but actually... I think it was Marsyas.
I'm not aware of any information that suggests a musician was a member of all three groups: Depeche Mode, Yazoo (also known as Yaz), and Erasure. However, Vince Clarke did leave Depeche Mode to form Yazoo (with Alison Moyet) before going on to co-found Erasure with Andy Bell.  It's possible that you are thinking of Vince Clarke.
The vehicles that use the international registration letter "L" are from Liechtenstein, but also Luxembourg and Lesotho.
Buddy Holly died in the plane crash, along with J.P. "The Big Bopper" Richardson and Ritchie Valens.
The architect who designed Coventry Cathedral is Basil Spence, along with Arup and partner, among others. The cathedral was rebuilt after being bombed in World War II.
According to my knowledge, the majority of the Teamsters Union in the USA consists of truck drivers, warehouse workers, and postal workers. However, it's worth noting that the union has a diverse membership and represents various industries beyond these groups.  More specifically, the International Brotherhood of Teamsters (IBT) is a major force in:  * Trucking industry: Over-the-road truckers, long-haul truckers, and local delivery drivers * Warehouse workers: Workers involved in logistics, distribution, and material handling * Postal Service: United States Postal Service employees, including mail carriers and processing plant workers  Keep in mind that the exact breakdown of membership can fluctuate over time due to changes in industry trends and labor markets.
The word is "Bliss".
A leech is commonly used in medicine, particularly in reconstructive surgery and reattaching severed limbs or digits.
In Hindu mythology, the goddess of destruction and the wife of Siva is Kali or Durga's fierce form, but more specifically she is referred to as Parvati's female aspect, but mostly known as Shakti in her various forms. However, I would say that the most widely recognized answer is Kali, but also closely associated with her is Durga and Mahakali.
The Delaware River. This was a key event in the Battle of Trenton, where Washington led his troops to a surprise attack on Hessian forces.
According to various sources, including the United Nations and demographic studies, the most common first name in the world is Muhammad. This is due to its widespread use among Muslims across many countries with large Muslim populations.
Macclesfield.
I'm not aware of a specific golf course called "Wentworth Golf Course". However, I do know that there is an iconic golf resort called The West Course at Wentworth Club, which is located in Surrey, England. It's possible that this is the one you're thinking of?
The surface temperature of the Sun is approximately 5500-6000°C (or 9900-10,800°F), but this is an extremely rough estimate. In scientific terms, it's usually expressed in Kelvin: around 5500 K or 5778 K (average value).
Soil. Pedology is the scientific study of soil in its natural environment.
Arthur.
Based on my knowledge, the ruling regime in Syria is dominated by Alawites, who are a Shia Muslim minority group. The current President of Syria, Bashar al-Assad, and his family belong to this group.
The Boxer Rebellion.
According to my knowledge, 'sauce bigarade' is typically served with duck. It's a citrus-based sauce made with orange juice or peel, and is often paired with roasted duck in classic French cuisine.
The Solomon Islands.
Bangladesh
Tango. Astor Piazzolla is considered one of the most important figures in the development of the tango as a serious concert music and art form.
Bewitched (Dick York was replaced by Dick Sargent as Darrin Stephens).
Jerzy Buzek, however, it's more likely that Jerzy Buzek was one of the two joint presidents (with Rodi Kratsa-Tsagaropoulou) from 2007 to 2009. However, a more permanent President after 2009 was likely Jerzy Buzek or more likely Rodi Kratsa-Tsagaropoulou and Jerzy Buzek are not well known so my best answer is:  Jerzy Buzek
The symbol that appears on the flag of Barbados is a trident, which represents the country's history as a British naval base and its association with the sea. The trident also has a connection to the mythological figure of Poseidon, the Greek god of the sea.
John Lennon was 40 years old when he was assassinated in 1980.
Coronation Street, I believe. "The Fenn Street Gang" followed the lives of some Coronation Street characters as teenagers.
The answer is Phil Mickelson. He is known to be one of the most successful left-handed golfers in history. I couldn't find any information about a golfer winning the US Masters three times with the specific years you mentioned, but Phil Mickelson did win the Masters in 2004 and 2010, and also won it again in 2021 (not in 2006).
The official hymn of the US Marine Corps is "The Marines' Hymn," also known as "From the Halls of Montezuma." It was written in 1918 by Jack Woolsey Barnett and John S. Peterson, with music composed by Jacques Offenbach, arranged from his opera "Genevieve de Brabant".
The Mohs scale measures the scratch resistance of minerals, specifically ranking them from 1 (softest) to 10 (hardest). It was developed by Friedrich Mohs in 1812 and is often used as a simple way to identify mineral hardness.
Tin (Sn).
Chile.
Reno, Nevada. It's a nickname commonly used to refer to Reno due to its small size but big city amenities and attractions.
Rudyard Kipling coined the phrase "The female of the species is more deadly than the male" from his poem "The Female of the Species" (1911).
Gresham's Law, named after Sir Thomas Gresham, an English merchant and financier in the 16th century, states that "bad money drives out good".
You can find these characters in "Hamlet".
A knife!
The UK band involved in a US court case over subliminal messages is likely "2 Unlimited" isn't as likely... but I think I have it: "2 Unlimited" was a bit before this, so I'll take a guess that the band you are thinking of is actually... "2 Unlimited's" friends: "Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark" (OMD) isn't the one - but I did find another UK group who might fit: "Kajagoogoo".
Unfortunately, I'm not sure of the specific poem or context you're referring to, but I'll try my best based on common works by Alfred Lord Tennyson.  One possibility that comes to mind is "Tithonus", where the speaker is addressing himself. However, without more information, it's difficult to provide a definitive answer.  If I had to take an educated guess, I'd say the line could be addressed to... himself.
The mother spacecraft for Philae is called Rosetta. It was an European Space Agency (ESA) mission that orbited Comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko before deploying Philae to land on its surface in 2014.
George Foreman became the oldest heavyweight boxing champion in history by defeating Michael Moorer in November 1994, at the age of 45 years and 185 days.
The explorer Vilhjalmur Stefansson is often credited with being the first European to navigate the Northwest Passage, but I'm not aware of a specific individual who sailed around northern Canada through the Bering Strait specifically in 1906. However, I believe it's possible that Vilhjalmur Stefansson may have been the one who led an expedition through this route around this time.
Thyme, particularly in traditional recipes from Maine and other parts of New England, adds depth to the flavor profile of the clam chowder. However, it's worth noting that some variations may include or emphasize different herbs like celery leaves or even parsley, depending on regional preferences. Thyme remains a classic choice, though!
Fire extinguishers.
The Isle of Man.
Alaska is commonly referred to as "The Last Frontier" and has the forget-me-not (Myosotis alpestris) as its state flower.
Serfdom was abolished in Russia in 1861 by Emperor Alexander II, through the Emancipation Manifest of that year.
