Rock Hudson died of AIDS-related complications, specifically AIDS (Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome), in 1985. He was one of the first major Hollywood stars to publicly reveal his diagnosis with HIV/AIDS.
Gryffindor House.
Pi (π).
Humphrey Bogart won the Best Actor Oscar for his portrayal of 'Charlie Allnut' in "The African Queen" (1951).
Cold Case.
Estee Lauder.
Pearl Harbor.
The Korean War.
Frew McMillan and Betty Stöve's son-in-law, Frew's nephew, was not involved; however, Frew's son-in-law was not involved either. The correct answer is: Frew's nephew's sister's husband did not win it with Frew's sister.  Answer:  None of the above.  The first brother and sister team to win the Wimbledon mixed doubles championship in 1981 were John Lloyd (Frew McMillan's son-in-law) and Wendy Turnbull (Frew McMillan's sister-in-law).
The opposite of El Niño is La Niña.
Fakenham was the first British racecourse to have an all-weather track, opening in 1989 with an Equitrack surface.
Suzette Charles replaced Vanessa Williams as Miss America 1984, after Williams resigned due to a nude photo scandal.
Ivory Coast (Côte d'Ivoire).
220 feet.
I'm not aware of a well-known sportsman named Gerry Watson, but I can try to find some information on him or offer a generic answer.  If I had to take a guess, I'd say Gerry is probably the more commonly used first name for this person. However, without more specific context or information about his profession or achievements, it's difficult to provide a definitive answer.
Dijon is the French town famous for its mustard.
I'm not aware of a specific fictional character who lives at 32 Windsor Gardens. Can you provide more context or information about this location? I'll do my best to help!
In 2004, Mark Feehily left Westlife temporarily due to health issues, but he returned to the group shortly after. However, Kian Egan's brother Keith was also a member of the group and left in 2003 before being replaced by Brian McFadden.
It was during the reign of Henry VII's successor, not directly a British king in charge at that time. The discovery is attributed to Christopher Columbus, but he was sponsored by King Ferdinand and Queen Isabella of Spain in 1492.
9 ÷ 1/3 = 27, or you can also express it as 9 × 3 = 27.
A Dzo is a cross between a Wild Yak and a Domesticated Cow (also known as a yak-cow hybrid).
California.
E.B. White wrote the children's classic "Charlotte's Web".
Colorado.
The letter "N" is not typically represented by a single dash in Morse code. However, the letter "O" is represented by three dots (`---`), but the letter "H" and "Y" are each represented by a dot followed by a dash, but I think you might be thinking of the letter "T", which is represented by a single dash (`-`)
A fun one!  In that case, I'd say "Rôche Baro" is likely a play on words for a classic French dish: Coq au Vin (chicken braised in red wine). The name "Roche Baro" sounds similar to "Cock Bourguignon", which might have been corrupted or adapted by the restaurant. So, if I were to order Rochebaron in a French restaurant, I'd be served Coq au Vin!
The current Commissioner of the Metropolitan Police Service (MPS) in London, UK is Mark Rowley (since 2021).
According to the Book of Revelation, Death rides a Pale Horse (Revelation 6:8).
The Oompa Loompas! They were small, skilled laborers from a far-off land who worked at Willy Wonka's chocolate factory.
Holly (Ilex aquifolium) is not typically a climbing plant, but I think you may be referring to Honeysuckle (Lonicera). However, the evergreen flowering climbing plant often associated with Christianity and Easter is the Passionflower vine (Passiflora spp.), particularly in Catholic tradition.
Greece is where the Olympic Games originated, dating back to 776 BC in ancient Olympia.
The Lunar 10's Lunar Excursion Module was named "Bonnie and Clyde". However, I couldn't verify that a lunar module named as such actually existed in a mission of the same name.
David Jacobs presented the first series of Juke Box Jury in 1959.
The famous fair you are referring to is Bartholomew Fair, which was indeed one of the oldest and most renowned fairs in England. However, I found that it was actually first recorded as being held on West Smithfield in London in 1130 (not 1133) by King Henry I. The fair became a popular event over the centuries but eventually declined and was banned in 1855 due to rising concerns about public safety and morality.
James Cameron directed both "The Terminator" (1984) and "Titanic" (1997).
Renzo Piano is the Italian-born architect behind The Shard in London.
Franklin D. Roosevelt, serving from 1933-1945 (most of the decade being the 1930s and early 1940s).
The correct answer is: No, that's not true.  However, I believe the song you are thinking of is "Everybody's Feeling Young Again", which was indeed used as the opening song in the North American launch trailer for the original PlayStation in 1994, but it was actually a remix of the song "Everything Must Go" by The Chemical Brothers, however they weren't the ones to do the remix.
The first part of the autobiographical trilogy is "Journey to the West Country", but more specifically it's often referred to as starting with 'Downend' or an even earlier work, however  'Downend' was a smaller section that set the scene for the full autobiographical work.
Zsa Zsa Gabor's first husband was Conrad Hilton Jr.
There is no record of a Marx brother named Adolph. However, I think you may be thinking of Arthur Marx, whose given name at birth was Adolph (but he went by Arthur).
Felipe Massa won the San Marino Grand Prix in 2005, however it was actually held as the San Marino Grand Prix but due to the tragic events that occurred at the circuit in 1994, it was renamed to the Italian Grand Prix for a few years.   However, Felipe Massa did win an F1 race in 2006 at Imola circuit in Italy which is same circuit where San Marino GP used to be held.  Actually it was Jenson Button won the San Marino Grand Prix was not held between 1981 and 2007 due to lack of funding and security concerns. The Italian Grand Prix, however, took place in the years 2006-2013 at the Autodromo Enzo e Dino Ferrari circuit.  So to answer your question Jenson Button did not win but actually won Monaco GP that year
The songs "Embraceable You" and "I Got Rhythm" are in the 1945 film musical "Anchors Aweigh", but considering they were also mentioned, I think a more likely answer is that these songs are part of the soundtrack for the 1951 film musical "An American in Paris".
The M32 connects Bristol with the M4 in England, UK.
I'm not aware of any information about a person named Serena Stanhope being married to someone in the British Royal Family. However, I do know that Lady Sarah Chatto's daughter, Celia Westenra, was previously engaged to a man named George Lycett, but she is now married to Charles Pettersson and another lady who got married recently, I found that her name is Serena Stanhope.
The Scarlet Pimpernel.
Billy Connolly is not correct, I believe it was Tommy Cooper.
Igneous rock.
A "Chicago Piano" was a slang term in the US during the 1920's and 1930's for a pair of dice.
Pulsars, neutron stars, and some types of white dwarfs are examples of celestial objects that emit energy in pulses.
Malcolm speaks the last words of the play, specifically "But heaven abhors ingratitude."
Iran.
The poisonous compound you're referring to is Zyklon B. It's a cyanide-based pesticide that can exist as a solid (prills), a liquid, or a gas, and it was used by the Nazi regime in World War II for mass murder in gas chambers during the Holocaust.
The Wash, a body of water located off the east coast of England, is said to be where King John's Crown Jewels were lost during a storm in 1216.
John Carpenter directed "Assault on Precinct 13".
York is the nearest city to the Battle of Stamford Bridge, which actually took place near York in England.
Al Hibbler, a famous American baritone singer, was blind from birth due to a congenital condition called microphthalmia.
The United Kingdom.
There seems to be a mistake in the question. The 1984 film "A Private Function" actually revolves around a pig, not an unspecified generic animal.
Root beer.
Beavers. Castoreum is a natural secretion obtained from the castor sacs of beavers, which are members of the rodent family (Castoridae).
John Lennon's assassin, Mark David Chapman, was reading "The Catcher in the Rye" at the time of John Lennon's murder in 1980.
Marina
The novel by H.G. Wells that the 1963 musical 'Half a Sixpence' was based on is 'Kipps'.
John Hurt portrayed The Elephant Man, Joseph Merrick, in the 1980 film directed by David Lynch.
King Victor Emmanuel III of Italy, who had appointed Benito Mussolini as his prime minister.
A Sheriff Principal or Procurator Fiscal (PF) in Scotland may be involved in investigating sudden and suspicious deaths. However, the specific title typically associated with conducting investigations into such incidents is the "Procurator Fiscal" (also known as the PF).
New Zealand was the largest producer of kiwifruit in 2012, accounting for approximately 98% of global production. China, also a significant producer, is often referred to as the origin of the fruit and may be why it's sometimes called Chinese Gooseberry.
Bobby Sands, a British-Irish politician and member of the Irish republican movement, died on May 5, 1981, after going without food for 66 days as part of a hunger strike protesting his imprisonment.
Steel Magnolias (1989) starred Julia Roberts, and Dolly Parton played the role of Truvy Jones, owner of the beauty salon.
Nick Hewer took over as host/presenter of Countdown after Jeff Stelling left, but actually it was Rachel Riley who hosted alongside Nick Hewer. However, since 2021, Anne Robinson has been hosting, along with Rachel Riley and Nick Hewer, in the numbers round.
Nitric Acid.
F on the Plimsoll Line indicates Freeboard.
Max is the main character in "Where the Wild Things Are" by Maurice Sendak.
Gerald Ford survived two assassination attempts: one by Lynette "Squeaky" Fromme on September 5, 1975 and another by Sara Jane Moore on September 22, 1975.
It took around 99 hours, or about 4 days of continuous work, to construct a Model T Ford in 1914. However, most assembly lines were able to assemble a complete car in around 2-3 hours on an average day.
The Rosenbergs - Julius and Ethel Rosenberg. They were executed on June 19, 1953, for allegedly passing nuclear secrets to the Soviet Union during the Cold War era.
The asteroid belt lies roughly between Mars and Jupiter in our solar system.
The second oldest person in the Bible is Methuselah's father, Enoch and then Jared, but actually it was Jared's wife, who is not named. However, if I had to choose one, I'd say Jared's wife.
The Plaza Hotel in New York City is often associated with biscuits, as it's similar to "plait" (a type of pastry), but I think I have a better answer:   It's probably the Biscuit or more likely the Hobnobs' rival, The Digestive isn't well known globally but...   I reckon it's The Hilton Hotel.
A classic song! According to the traditional nursery rhyme song "The Itsy Bitsy Spider" is not relevant here... I'm thinking of another one...  In the song you're referring to, the answer is: "a bird." The old lady swallowed a bird, after she swallowed a cat, which was eaten by a dog, and that was devoured by a cow, which was swallowed by a horse, which ate an iron rod, which was swallowed by another bird, which ate a fly.
Makassar is an alternative name for Ujung Pandang, which is a port city located in Indonesia.
I'm not aware of the most up-to-date information on the current Miss America titleholder's home state. However, according to my knowledge cutoff, I can tell you that in 2022, the Miss America title was won by Teresa Scanlan did not participate as she resigned and Erin Williby was a contestant but didn't win so I cannot provide an accurate answer about the current titleholder's home state.
...Influence. The full title of Dale Carnegie's classic self-help book is "How to Win Friends and Influence People".
William McKinley was the 25th President of the United States, serving from March 4, 1897, until his assassination on September 14, 1901. He is indeed considered the first U.S. President of the 20th century.
Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
The Caspian Sea, which borders Russia, Iran, Kazakhstan, and Azerbaijan, is the world's largest freshwater lake by surface area.
"Hatter"   This phrase refers to the Mad Hatter character from Lewis Carroll's classic tale, who becomes dazed and confused due to mercury poisoning from working with flammable glue in the hat-making process.
Canada won a record 14 gold medals at the 2010 Winter Olympics held in Vancouver.
The Neva River, outside Petrograd (now St Petersburg), Russia.
Alexandria, Egypt was home to the Library of Alexandria, which was one of the largest and most significant libraries of the ancient world. It housed over 500,000 volumes and attracted scholars from all over the Mediterranean.
Bart Simpson and Milhouse Van Houten's friend, but most notably, Lisa Simpson, can play the saxophone in The Simpsons.
The Teapot Dome Scandal, which involved Secretary of the Interior Albert Fall leasing public oil reserves without competitive bidding, is one notable example of an oil scandal that hit the US around this time. However, I couldn't pinpoint a specific "oil scandal" directly tied to 1924.  A more notable incident occurred in 1921, with allegations that Albert Fall accepted bribes from Sinclair Oil and Mammoth Oil for leasing rights to Teapot Dome and Elk Hills oil fields.
Mistress Margaret Page and her husband Master George Page appear in the play "The Merry Wives of Windsor".
Glasgow. A bronze statue of Charles Dickens was unveiled in Glasgow on 7 February 2019.
Bay City Rollers, which have been reformed with original lead vocalist Les McKeown at the helm.
The number 9 satisfies this condition:   9 = 2 * (9)  However, a more interesting example is the number 36:  3 + 6 = 9 2 * 9 = 18 But 36 does not equal 18.  A better example is the number 45:  4 + 5 = 9 2 * 9 = 18 But 45 does not equal 18.  Another example is the number 54:  5 + 4 = 9 2 * 9 = 18 But 54 does not equal 18.  A correct answer is the number 27:  2 + 7 = 9 2 * 9 = 18 But 27 does not equal 18.  A good example is the number 99:  9 + 9 = 18 2 * 18 = 36 However, 99 does not equal 36.  The correct answer is actually 0:   0 = 2 * (0)  Or, another correct answer is the number 1089:   1 + 0 + 8 + 9 = 18  2 * 18 = 36
Suggs, formerly of Madness. However, I think you might be thinking of Suggs' bandmate Graham McPherson isn't a well-known member. Graham McTavish's stage name is actually "Suggs" isn't correct either.   After checking, I found that Graham McPherson is better known as Suggs... no, that's not it.  It seems I have to provide the correct answer now: Graham McPherson is actually better known as Suggs, but that's not him. No, seriously. The actual answer is: Graham McTavish isn't a member of Madness; he was in the band "Madness" had Graham McTavish no... Graham McTavish... wasn't it?
The "Roman Standard" isn't correct, but I think I have it: the "Romertex". However, that's not widely known. A more commonly accepted answer would be the "Romertex" is incorrect and the actual answer is the "Romertex" was never confirmed to originate from Roman, so the actual answer would be  the "Rogers' (or Rogers') R" isn't correct either but there's one that actually comes close: The measure of thermal resistance in the textile industry is indeed called the "Roman Standard" no it is not... I have an answer though.
"The Goon Show"
The Pilgrims' Way, a 153-mile (247 km) long-distance footpath that runs from Winchester to Canterbury, but more specifically relevant here, it also passes through Farnham and eventually joins the North Downs Way which leads to Dover.
The breed associated with Hush Puppies advertising is a Labrador Retriever. The iconic brand is known for its association with fishing and outdoor culture, often featuring Labradors in their advertisements.
Calvary.
The film "Schindler's List" was not directly based on a Booker Prize-winning novel, but rather it was inspired by Thomas Keneally's non-fiction book "Schindler's Ark", published in 1982. This book won the Booker Prize that year.
The last British king to lead an army into battle was King Charles I, who led his forces against the Parliamentarian Army at the Battle of Naseby in 1645 during the English Civil War. However, it's worth noting that this was more of a skirmish than a decisive battle.  A more notable example is often cited as King George II, who led British troops into battle at the Battle of Dettingen in 1743, during the War of the Austrian Succession. This was a rare instance of a monarch actively commanding his forces in combat.  The last king to lead an army into battle in any significant capacity is generally considered to be King George II.
Badminton. The Sudirman Cup, previously known as the World Team Badminton Championships, is a biennial international badminton tournament contested between national teams.
Mark Twain said, "A classic is a book which people praise and they've never read." However, this quote is often attributed to Harold Bloom, who also wrote about the idea that classics are unread. But another version of this quote has been traced back to Mark Twain's essay 'Fenimore Cooper's Literary Offenses' in 1895.  However, another author "Winston Churchill" said:   'A classic is something everyone wants to have read but nobody wants to read'.  So the most fitting answer for your question would be Winston Churchill.
Possum.
Fission is generally considered the opposite of fusion in terms of nuclear energy. While fusion involves combining atomic nuclei to release energy, fission involves splitting atomic nuclei apart to release energy.
Montana.
Denis Taylor in 1984.
Otto von Bismarck served as the Prime Minister of Prussia from 1862 until his resignation in 1890, although he remained Chancellor until 1894.
The first motor race to regularly carry the name Grand Prix, which took place in 1906, was held at Le Mans, France.
This is a classic lateral thinking puzzle! The correct answer is "Catherine of Aragon was married twice before marrying Henry VIII: first to Arthur, and then to Henry after Arthur's death. However, she only had one husband at any given time - it's just that both her husbands were also the same person in a different arrangement of marriage (first to Arthur, then to Henry).
Herbert Hoover. He served as President from 1929-1933, and the stock market crash occurred on Black Tuesday (October 29, 1929), during his presidency.
Wiltshire.
Poseidon is the correct answer. He was the Greek god of the sea and ruler of earthquakes, often depicted with a trident (a three-pronged spear that can control the seas), which features horses and bulls on its prongs. His wife was Amphitrite, a sea goddess.
David Walliams.
King Edward II of England was imprisoned and then likely murdered at Berkeley Castle in September 1327, marking the end of his reign. He was deposed by his wife Queen Isabella and her lover Roger Mortimer, who had him killed to secure their power.
The Netherlands were the runners-up in the 1978 FIFA World Cup, losing to Argentina in the final with a score of 3-1 after extra time and having won 5-4 in regular time.
The city where Heathcliff was found and adopted by Mr Earnshaw is Liverpool, however it's not a city specifically but more likely to be near Liverpool. A coastal town, likely Liverpool's dock area or its surrounding areas such as Bootle.
Jewels. The 1992 film Reservoir Dogs, directed by Quentin Tarantino, tells the story of a botched heist involving stolen diamonds (or "jewels").
The American League.
In the Classic Edition of the board game Trivial Pursuit, the category for History is Green.
Saturn's orbit is actually about 1.4 billion kilometers from the Sun on average, so it doesn't fit this description.  The correct answer is likely Saturn or Jupiter are not the closest match for this description...   However, I found that Mercury orbits at an average distance of approximately 58 million kilometers (0.39 AU) and Venus is about 108 million kilometers away (0.72 AU). But if we're looking for a planet with an orbit between these two, I'd say it's probably the Earth, but more likely to be Jupiter or Saturn don't fit...   However, after double-checking: The average distance of Venus from the Sun is about 108 million kilometers, and Mercury is about 58 million kilometers. But another option could be that you're thinking of Jupiter, no...   However, I'm going to take a guess here...  I think you might be thinking of Mars or Jupiter, but more likely it's Neptune or Uranus that orbit at an average distance of approximately 150 million kilometers (0.9-1 AU), however, the planet with an orbit closest to this description is:   The correct answer is:  Jupiter has a large orbit and it's mass has a significant effect on other planets in our solar system, but if we're talking about the average distance from the Sun of approximately 150 million kilometers, I'd say that Uranus or Neptune are close matches.
William Tecumseh Sherman said "War is Hell" in a letter to his wife, Ellen on February 5, 1865.
Pius XII (Eugenio Pacelli) was the Pope throughout World War II, serving from 1939-1958.
Barley wine is a type of strong ale, typically brewed with a high percentage of malted barley and often aged for several years like a fine wine. It's usually rich, complex, and full-bodied, with flavors that range from malty sweetness to fruity esters and hoppy bitterness.
Arthur Ransome wrote the 'Swallows and Amazons' series of children's books, a classic collection that has become beloved by generations of readers.
Irving Berlin wrote "God Bless America" in 1918.
Pegasus.
Mexico, during the Second French Intervention (1864-1867).
Catherine of Aragon was often referred to as the "Flanders Mare" by her daughter Mary I due to her mother's age difference and her marriage to Arthur, Mary's brother.
Architecture.   Roman Vitruvius defined the three principles of "firmitas" (strength), "utilitas" (usefulness), and "venustas" (beauty) in his book "De Architectura", which is considered a foundational text on architecture.
Hairspray (2008)
The Gossamer Albatross.
Richard Branson bought Necker Island in 1978, not 1979. He purchased it for £600,000 at the time.
Medicine, particularly as a physician and father of medicine. He is famous for the Hippocratic Oath, which is still taken by physicians today.
Joan Rivers was born on June 8, 1933 and passed away on September 5, 2014. Therefore, she was approximately 81 years old at the time of her death.
Ohio.
The remaining two sports that complete the Modern Pentathlon are fencing and equestrian (horse riding).
The Hellfire Club.
The storyteller in "One Thousand and One Nights" (also known as "Arabian Nights") is Scheherazade, a clever and resourceful woman who tells fantastical stories to her husband, King Shahryar, in order to delay her own execution.
November 1st.
Ron Grainer (for the classic series) and Murray Gold (for the revamped series from 2005 onwards) have both composed the iconic theme music for Doctor Who. However, the original version was composed by Ron Grainer in collaboration with Delia Derbyshire who arranged and realized it electronically using tape loops and other techniques, creating a distinctive and influential sound.
The organization is the British Museum, which receives revenue from rents on Italian properties seized during World War II.
A Dandie Dinmont Terrier is a breed of small, energetic dog originating from Scotland.
The Daleks.   Davros, a scientist from the Kaleds on the planet Skaro, created the Dalek's cybernetic bodies, turning them into cyborg killing machines.
A Chrysanthemum.
Mount Cook.
The correct answer is Trier. Trier, located in the Mosel Valley, Germany, features a number of well-preserved Roman structures, including the Porta Nigra (Black Gate), which is one of its most notable landmarks and a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Sir Edwin Landseer.
Shaftesbury Avenue.
Serbia (previously Yugoslavia) is a landlocked European country with a strong presence in water polo and fencing. However, Serbia has hosted the Olympics once, as part of Yugoslavia, at the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo.  The correct answer is: A closer look reveals that it's actually Hungary that holds this record, not Yugoslavia or its successor states.
Vladivostok.
Chris Bryant and Chris Huhne have been mentioned in relation to this constituency, however I believe it is actually Chloe Smith's predecessor, who left parliament after a by-election in 2015, however I believe the answer is Claudia Webbe
A froglet (specifically, some species of frogs and their tadpoles) can be referred to as a "poison dart" due to their toxicity, but more commonly it's referred to as a "poison arrow frog". However, the term that is most widely used in relation to this type of creature is an "arrow poison frog", which is also known as "dart-poison frogs" or just "poison arrow frogs", with the scientific name being Dendrobatidae.
The Tonton Macoutes were a secret police force established by Papa Doc Duvalier in Haiti during his rule from 1957 to 1971. The term "Tonton" roughly translates to "uncle" or "father figure," but the group was notorious for its brutal suppression of opposition and violent enforcement of Duvalier's policies.
A colour ball of any value, if potted, awards 3 points. However, if it's a free ball (the cue ball that must be re-spotted after being touched by the opponent), a foul has been committed and one point is awarded to the opposing player.
Prada is a surname of Giosuè Prada, but the brand was founded by Mario and Martino Prada in 1913. The company is named after its founder's family name. The name "Prada" also has some etymological roots from the Italian word "praeda", which means "spoils of war".
Charles Lindbergh took off from Roosevelt Field at 7:52 AM on May 20, 1927.
David Lean directed the 1957 Oscar-winning film "The Bridge on the River Kwai".
Anne Bancroft was not nominated for a Best Actress Oscar for her role as Mrs. Robinson, but she did play the role in the film. Anne Bancroft was a highly respected actress and was nominated for 6 Oscars during her career.  However, it's possible you're thinking of Anne Bancroft being confused with Anne Hathaway or another female actor.   Anne Bancroft was actually nominated for Best Actress Oscar for her role as Mrs. Pigeon in The Miracle Worker (1962), not The Graduate.
The earliest post-1066 king featured in the title of a Shakespeare history play is Richard II, but more likely King John. However, King John may be considered one of the early Plantagenets, not strictly post 1066.  A better answer would be: John
Nestle.
The first opera in Richard Wagner's four-opera Ring Cycle is "Das Rheingold" (The Rhine Gold).
Esther is usually considered to be the 6th book of the Old Testament, although some sources may group it differently due to the way they categorize and arrange the books.
James Cook, a British explorer and navigator. He was killed in a skirmish with native Hawaiians on February 14, 1779.
The Altai Mountains.
The "Indiana Jones" film series features archaeology, anthropology, and paleontology as primary sciences.
A "Royale avec fromage".
Judas Iscariot, one of Jesus' twelve apostles, is often considered to be the person who betrayed Jesus to the Romans, leading to his arrest and crucifixion. According to the New Testament, Judas received 30 pieces of silver from the Jewish priests in exchange for identifying Jesus as the "King of the Jews."
Volgograd.
The Russian term for an astronaut is kosmonavt (космонавт).
The two main animal characters in the 1955 Walt Disney cartoon "Lady and the Tramp" are:  1. Lady - an American Cocker Spaniel 2. Tramp - a Mutt (a mixed-breed dog)
I'm not familiar with a band called "Blondies" (presumably you meant Blondie) or their discography in 1978. However, I do know that Blondie released the single "Picture This" in 1980 and that it was taken from their number one album "Autoamerican".
I'm not aware of a specific BAFTA-nominated British detective drama series that is set in Hastings during World War Two. It's possible that it may be a lesser-known or newer show, or I may not have enough information to provide an accurate answer.  However, there was a British television drama series called "Foyle's War" which was set in the coastal town of Hastings and surrounding areas during World War II.
New Zealand. Brendan and Nathan are brothers and both have played Test cricket for the New Zealand national team.
Ethiopia.
MC Hammer.
The US state of Virginia was named after Queen Elizabeth I of England.
The three biggest cities in Montana that start with the letter B are:  1. Billings 2. Bozeman 3. Butte
Kevin Bacon plays the role of Abraham Kenso, not Charles Xavier, in the 2011 film 'X-Men: First Class'. James McAvoy plays a young Charles Xavier.
Marie Curie won two Nobel Prizes, but for physics (1903) and chemistry (1911). However, she was not awarded an Oscar.   The answer is actually T.S. Eliot's friend, Eugene O'Neill's friend, and fellow literary giant: Eugene O'Neill was a candidate, but the correct answer is Eugene O'Neill's contemporary,  the American poet and playwright: Eugene O'Neill, no... I have it:  The answer is:  Thomas Mann (no),   However, the actual answer is: T.S. Eliot... no...  The actual answer is: Eugene O'Neill's friend,   However, the correct answer is Eugene O'Neill, but then I remembered: Eugene O'Neill was awarded a Pulitzer Prize, and his play "A Long Day's Journey into Night" was adapted to a film in 1962.  And so, after all this, my response is: None, but one of them won a Nobel Prize for Literature (Nobel Prize in Literature) and an honorary Academy Award (Oscar), not a competitive Oscar.
Plastic bags. Catalonia banned single-use plastic bags from 2012.
Successful at gardening or growing plants. The phrase "green fingers" is a metaphor for a person's ability to nurture and care for plants, implying they have a natural talent for horticulture.
J. Paul Getty
A classic song! According to the song "Leader of the Pack" is not the correct answer, but rather... "Leader of the Pack" was a different song. The title of the 1964 hit by The Shangri-Las is actually "Leader of the Pack", but I believe you are asking about another song.  I think the song with the lyrics you're looking for is actually "Walk Like a Man", no... that's not it either.   I've got it! The correct answer is: "Her Johnny Angel"
Boroughs.   These towns had previously held borough status but lost it under the Reform Act of 1832.
Cujo.
The answer is Lennox Lewis, who was born on September 2, 1965, in West Ham, London, England. He held the WBC and IBF titles from 1999 to 2003, but also briefly held the WBA title and therefore became the unified champion by holding all three major world heavyweight titles at once.
James Robertson Justice had a birth name of James Lablache Stewart. He was a British-born actor known for his distinctive voice and authoritative roles in films, particularly during the 1950s-1960s.
The River Wear flows through the centre of the city of Durham in northeast England.
Leningrad (now Saint Petersburg), Russia. The Siege of Leningrad lasted from September 1941 to January 1944.
Hawthorn.
Glasgow.
In law, this is often referred to as "consanguinity," but a more specific and commonly used term is "affinity." However, it's also sometimes described as "marital status" or "family relationship."   A more precise term in common use is "affinity by marriage."
"The Turn of the Screw"
Justin Fletcher is the face of Gigglebug, and also has roles in shows like "Octonauts" and "Something Special". However, he is perhaps best known for playing the character Mike the Knight in the CBeebies show.
The Frigatebird, particularly the Great Frigatebird (Fregata minor), found in tropical regions, is often referred to as the "Man-o-War Bird" due to its habit of following and feeding on ships.
Frank-Walter Steinmeier has been serving as the President of Germany since 2017, but in a change that took place on January 13, 2022, he was succeeded by Frank-Walter Steinmeier's predecessor, Frank-Walter is actually not the president.   The current President of Germany is Frank-Walter Steinmeier's successor who has taken over as the President since January 13th 2022 - but I've just found out this information:  The actual answer is - Frank-Walter Steinmeier
Oberammergau, Germany. The village has kept this tradition alive for over 380 years.
Australia, specifically in Victoria.
The collective name for the international agreements signed by all the member states of the European Community (now known as the European Union) is the "Acquis Communautaire".
I'm not aware of a specific British actor receiving the 2012 BAFTA for 'Outstanding British Contribution to Cinema'. It's possible that it was awarded to a group or an individual not widely known, or it could be misremembered information. However, I can tell you that there is a category called 'Fellowship' which is given for outstanding contribution to film in the UK, but without more specific information, I'm unable to confirm the recipient of this award in 2012.
Mn.
There are three Fates (also known as Moirai) in Greek mythology: Clotho (the Spinner of thread), Lachesis (the Measurer of thread), and Atropos (the Cutter of thread).
1 square kilometre contains 1,000,000 square metres (since 1 km = 1000 m and a square kilometre is 1 km x 1 km).
Sweden.
The term used in geology for the layer between the Earth's crust and its core is the mantle.
I believe it's Michael Jackson, but no, that's not correct. The answer is Little Jimmy Osmond. He had a number one single with "Long Haired Lover from Liverpool" at just 9 years old in 1972.
The "Ratcatcher of New Zealand" due to his nocturnal habit of observing and documenting rats, which helped him develop a passion for ornithology.
The last British Formula One World Champion is Lewis Hamilton, who won the championship in 2019 and 2020 with Mercedes-AMG Petronas.
The word is "exterminate" no, it's actually "demolish", no... It's "annihilate" no... I think I have it: The answer is "demolish".
The performance of "La Muette de Portici" in Brussels (not a specific person's capital) sparked the Belgian Revolution. The opera's climax inspired the audience to take action against Dutch rule, leading to the eventual independence of Belgium from the Netherlands in 1831.
January 20th.
Sirimavo Bandaranaike of Sri Lanka (then Ceylon) became the world's first female Prime Minister when she was elected on April 29, 1960.
Cats. "Leopard" is a big cat species and "leopine" means relating to leopards.
John Hancock's signature is the most prominent and well-known on the document, but he wasn't technically the "President of Congress". The President of the Continental Congress at the time it was signed (July 4, 1776) was John Hancock, however.  The correct answer is: John Hancock.
Henry VII was King of England from 1485 to 1509, and he died in 1509. However, since you asked for 1505, I would say that Henry VII was still the King of England in 1505.  Alternatively, if we consider that 1505 is part of Henry VII's reign, then it could also be argued that his son, Henry VIII, who was born on June 28, 1491 and succeeded his father after Henry VII's death in 1509, would not have been King yet in 1505.
Melchester Rovers!
L.L. Zamenhof invented Esperanto, a planned and international auxiliary language designed for easy communication between people from different countries.
The socialist society you are referring to is likely the Social Democratic Federation (SDF), but another possibility is the Socialist League, however a more accurate answer would be the Social Democratic Federation, which was later renamed as the Social Democratic Party.
The answer is "Dubliners".
The answer is Fiat. The Ducato is a popular model of van produced by Fiat Professional (the commercial vehicle division of Fiat). It's often associated with "white van men" in the UK!
The Union Jack was carried by Sir Chris Hoy and others, but the actual person who carried the flag was Sir Chris Hoy accompanied by other Olympic champions including Ben Ainslie, Sir Steve Redgrave, Kelly Holmes, Sebastian Coe, and others.
John Williams composed the iconic theme music for the 1975 film "Jaws".
The two lead characters in the UK TV 2010 series Sherlock are played by Benedict Cumberbatch as Sherlock Holmes and Martin Freeman as Dr John Watson.
The founder of the People's Temple church was Jim Jones.
The international movement that has a pink triangle as its symbol is the LGBTQ+ rights movement, specifically the Gay Pride movement in Germany during World War II. However, it's worth noting that this triangle was originally used by the Nazis to identify gay men in concentration camps.  A more contemporary and widely recognized use of the pink triangle as a symbol is with the organization Pink Triangle Trust (PTT), which advocates for LGBTQ+ rights in the UK.
Castle Howard, a grand stately home located near York, North Yorkshire. It was indeed used as a filming location for the 1981 Granada TV serial adaptation of Evelyn Waugh's novel "Brideshead Revisited".
Kensington Gore
The answer is: Battlements.   (R = Red, O = Orange, Y = Yellow, G = Green, B = Blue, I = Indigo, V = Violet)
The period of British history between 1901 and 1910 is known as the Edwardian era, named after King Edward VII who reigned from 1901 until his death in 1910.
The character you're referring to is actually Mike and Gloria Stivic's daughter, not son. Her name was Gloria, but they had a son later in the series named Joey Stivic.
The "King's Evil" referred to scrofula, a form of tuberculosis affecting the lymph nodes in the neck. It was believed that royal touch could cure or alleviate this condition.
The Tagus River.
Salem, Massachusetts.
The Asian leopard cat, a small wild cat species.
The Sex Pistols, a British punk rock band, famously sang "God Save the Queen", but actually the song is more accurately titled as "God Save The Queen (No Punk Song)", or simply known as "God Save the Queen". However, I believe the Sex Pistols are generally referred to for their recording of this song.
The Sexual Offences Act of 1967 decriminalized male homosexuality in England and Wales, although it was not fully decriminalized until the Sexual Offences (Amendment) Act of 1994, which made homosexual acts between consenting adults private and exempt from prosecution.
Winston, a lion with a red jersey and scarf.
Archaeology.
Dooley Wilson played Sam, the piano player, and sang "As Time Goes By" in the film Casablanca.
Ernest Hemingway wrote the mentioned novels, including "Farewell to Arms", "For Whom the Bell Tolls", and "The Old Man and the Sea". He received both a Pulitzer Prize for "The Old Man and the Sea" and the Nobel Prize in Literature.
A cat.
Cyprus
Quartz.
Kathryn Bigelow directed "The Hurt Locker", which won her the Oscar for Best Director in 2010. She became the first woman to win this award.
A "Kniphofia" or more commonly known as Red Hot Poker, but it's also possible that the description refers to an Azalea or Rhododendron, which are known for their sweet-smelling, spring flowering blooms in shades of yellow, orange, and dark red.
I'm not aware of any information that suggests Captain Mainwaring, the main character in the British TV comedy "Dad's Army", is married. The show primarily focuses on his adventures with the Home Guard during World War II and does not mention a spouse.
The police officer you are referring to is Cressida Dick, although she was not directly commanding the operation on the day of the shooting. However, the Officer in Charge (OIC) that day was John Yates.  It's worth noting that John Yates was subsequently promoted to Assistant Commissioner and then Commander, while Cressida Dick went on to become a Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis herself, being the first woman to hold the position.
The term used in this situation is "deselection".
The European badger, Meles meles, is a British mammal.
Jochebed, with the help of her sister Miriam.
Both Cerberus from "Man About Dog" (2004) and Santa's Little Helper from "The Simpsons" are Greyhounds.
Brazil extends the furthest east among all South American countries, with its easternmost point being Cape Santa Marta on the Atlantic coast of Brazil.
The Camden Town Group, a group of post-impressionist artists.
Quarter. In 1940, a quarter was issued with a portrait of George Washington, but I couldn't find information about Booker T. Washington being featured on an American coin in 1940. However, after further research, I found that it is possible that you are thinking of a different year or commemorative issue.
Allesandro Volta is credited with inventing the first battery, known as the voltaic pile, in 1800. He was an Italian physicist and inventor.
The SEAT brand, which is part of the Volkswagen Group, produces the 7-seater MPV known as the Alhambra in some countries and the Seat Altea XL or later the Seat Alhambra Touran however more commonly it's sold under the name 'Orlando' in Australia and Ireland.
Johannes Kepler actually formulated three laws that describe the motion of planets around the sun, which are now known as Kepler's Laws. They are:  1. The Law of Ellipses: Planets orbit the sun in elliptical paths. 2. The Law of Equal Areas: The line connecting a planet to the sun sweeps out equal areas in equal times. 3. The Law of Harmonies: The squares of a planet's orbital period and its semi-major axis are in a constant ratio.  Note: Isaac Newton later formulated the laws of motion and universal gravitation, which were published in 1687, but Kepler's Laws predated this work.
Estee Lauder.
Robert Lindsay played the title role of Frank "Citizen" Smith, a left-wing activist and self-proclaimed revolutionary, in the British TV sitcom "Citizen Smith".
Alice.
They were all Roman Emperors.
I'm not aware of a cow's character in the BBC Children's TV programme "The Woodentops".
A Chandler, typically a candle maker or seller.
The triple jump.
There is no record of a King Alexander I being assassinated in Marseilles in 1934. However, there was a King Alexander I of Yugoslavia who was assassinated in Marseille on October 9, 1934.
The M4 Sherman.
The Occupy Wall Street (OWS) protest movement, which began in 2011, used the slogan "We are the 99%". This movement aimed to highlight income inequality and corporate influence on politics.
The Schuylkill River.
The Rose Bowl is often referred to as "The Granddaddy of Them All" due to its long history and continuous play since 1916.
1929
Jessica Ennis, a British heptathlete, won the award in 2012 after her Olympic gold medal win at London 2012.
Arthur Lowe played the role of the amorous undertaker, Archie Shuttleworth, in Coronation Street.
Empathy
ADD stands for Attention Deficit Disorder, a neurodevelopmental disorder characterized by difficulty sustaining attention and controlling impulses in children (and sometimes adults). It's often associated with symptoms such as hyperactivity, impulsivity, and distraction.
eBay, which was originally called "AuctionWeb".
The Sierra Nevada mountain range.
I don't have any information about a specific line being marked with those letters. Can you provide more context or details?
The United States was the first country to make catalytic converters compulsory, starting with 1981 model year vehicles.
Stephen Tompkinson plays Detective Inspector Alan Banks in the ITV series 'DCI Banks'.
The postal service.
There isn't a recorded instance of a black person captaining an England national football team. However, John Barnes and Sol Campbell have both been notable players for England, but I am not aware of either being the first black captain.
A krait is a type of venomous snake, specifically a species of cobra found in Asia and Southeast Asia.
The Lord High Commissioner to the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland, a role that is appointed by the British monarch on the advice of the Prime Minister.
The alphabet. This sentence is often referred to as a pangram, which is a phrase that includes all the letters of the alphabet at least once.
Port Royal, Jamaica.
John Keats, in his poem "Ode on a Grecian Urn".
D.A.T.T. stands for Double Air Table Top (or possibly another variant). However, I couldn't confirm this as a widely recognized alternative name for the specific game you mentioned.  After researching further, I found that "Table Skittles" is also known as "D.A.T." which could be an abbreviation for "Double-Air-Table".   It's worth noting that different regions might have their own names or variations for the same game.
John Reginald Christie, a notorious British serial killer, resided at 10 Rillington Place in London. His crimes were uncovered in 1953 after the body of his wife was discovered hidden in the cellar of their home, leading to a larger investigation that revealed the remains of several other victims.
John Reid, but more famously known as 'Old Patsy' or just Patsy, however his nickname is most commonly associated with John's brother, Willie Reid. It was actually Willie who achieved this impressive feat.
I'm not aware of any information that suggests there was a politician nicknamed "The Baroness of Blackburn". However, I do know that Barbara Castle, a British Labour Party politician, held the seat of Blackburn from 1945 to 1979. She lived from 1910 to 2002 and was a prominent figure in British politics.  It's possible that Barbara Castle may be referred to as "The Baroness" due to her being elevated to the peerage with the title Baroness Castle of Blackburn, but I couldn't find any information suggesting she was nicknamed simply "The Baroness of Blackburn".
A monastery.
The team was renamed Scuderia Toro Rosso, but this change occurred later, in 2006.   However, following Red Bull's acquisition of Minardi's assets in 2005, the team was initially rebranded as 'Red Bull Racing's sister team' but it wasn't until 2006 that it officially became known as Scuderia Toro Rosso.
Sirte.
Abraham Lincoln, however that is not correct as the tree I think you are referring to is actually named after another Union leader.   The answer is General William Tecumseh Sherman, but more commonly it is the name of President Abraham's successor  Andrew Johnson or more likely   The answer is General Ulysses S. Grant, but most likely and widely reported to be...   I believe the tree you are referring to in California is named after the Union leader:  General William Tecumseh Sherman
Swiss.
Indonesia withdrew from OPEC in 2008.
Swansea City. They reached the FA Cup final in 2011, where they faced Manchester City and lost 0-1.
The ITV crime drama series is Vera, which stars Brenda Blethyn as DCI Vera Stanhope.
Ernie Els is widely considered the last major golfer from South Africa, but not necessarily the last one to win the Open. However, I believe the last South African to specifically win the Open Championship was actually Louis Oosthuizen in 2010.
James Cameron directed the 2010 film "127 Hours".
Sinclair Lewis. He was an American novelist who won the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1930.
Martini & Rossi is a brand of vermouth.
Frida Kahlo, a renowned Mexican artist in her own right.
The Red Sea.
I'm not aware of a specific radio program that featured a character by this name. The description sounds like it could be from a humorous or fictional source, but without more context, I couldn't pinpoint a specific radio show. If you provide more information, I may be able to help further!
Glass.
Buster Keaton starred in the 1927 movie "The General".
I'm not familiar with a well-known mountain named Mount Qomolanga. It's possible that it's a lesser-known or unofficial name for a different mountain. Can you provide more context or information about where you heard this name? I'll do my best to help.
The Up Series is a series of documentary films directed by Michael Apted that follows the lives of fourteen British children since 1964, when they were seven years old.
The letter "H".
Friedrich Engels was a co-writer, but the younger one was Karl Marx's collaborator wasn't necessarily younger. However, Friedrich Engels was indeed a key contributor to the Communist Manifesto.  A more accurate answer is that there isn't really a "younger" co-writer mentioned, as both Marx and Engels were roughly the same age (Engels was born in 1820 and Marx in 1818).
Thailand (The Nicobar Islands are part of this division)
Yorkshire.
Black Friday.
Aaron, Moses' brother and the first high priest of the Israelites, is often associated with setting up the golden calf on Mt. Sinai (Exodus 32:1-4).
Malin.
Scientology. According to Scientology's founder L. Ron Hubbard, Xenu was a galactic overlord who brought beings from other planets to Earth 75 million years ago and exterminated them with hydrogen bombs. This is known as the "Operating Thetan" myth or "Xenu story", which is not considered an official doctrine by the Church of Scientology but has been widely discussed in critical writings about the church.
The village of Chibok is located in Borno State, northeastern Nigeria.
Israel.
The Mekong River.
The aqueous humor is the thick, watery substance that fills the space between the lens and the cornea of the eye.
Cornelius Ryan was the author of the book 'A Bridge Too Far'.
Winston Churchill, a British Prime Minister during World War II, was famously depicted in a painting by Graham Sutherland with his distinctive facial features and warts included. The painting is known as "Churchill in the Wilderness" and has become an iconic representation of him.
A Jeroboam holds 4 standard bottles, but a larger equivalent is a Nebuchadnezzar which holds 20 standard bottles. However, a more fitting answer for 16 standard bottles would be an Imperial, also known as a Double Magnum or a Balthazar.
I'm not familiar with this specific advertising slogan. Can you give me a hint or provide more context?
Argentina.
County Durham, England.
Marat Safin is Russian.
William Walton.
The Chinese Year of the Tiger.
French Baroque architecture, also known as "Premier Régence", flourished during the regency of Marie de' Medici. It was characterized by grandiose, ornate designs with a strong emphasis on perspective and dramatic lighting effects. The style featured sweeping curves, bold ornamentation, and imposing proportions.
April Fools' Day.
Nena sang about "99 Red Balloons" (not just one or two) in her 1983 hit song of the same name.
The tongue, specifically the portion that contains cancer or disease, is removed during a glossectomy.
In the US, it's commonly referred to as a stroller.
I'm not aware of a specific song or artist called "Band Aid II". However, I do know that Band Aid was a charity supergroup formed for a single song in 1984.   In 1988, the top Christmas chart hit might have been "Ferry Cross the Mersey" by Gerry Marsden and the Cilla Black's Ferry Aid.  In 1990, it could be "Do They Know It's Christmas?" by Band Aid II is unlikely as that was a one-off charity single in 1989.
The city of Odessa is located on the Black Sea, specifically in Ukraine.
Eleanor of Aquitaine, Queen consort of King Henry II of England. She was the mother of many children, including two future English kings: Richard I (also known as Richard the Lionheart) and John.
Auguste Rodin.
The phrase "Kia Ora" comes from the Māori language, which is spoken by the indigenous people of New Zealand. In Māori culture, "Kia Ora" means "be well", "good health", or "hello". It's often used as a greeting in everyday life and is also a common phrase to express goodwill or blessings.
In heraldry, a wyvern is a mythical creature depicted as a dragon-like being with two legs instead of four. It's often shown with wings and is sometimes associated with evil or danger in heraldic contexts.
Venice, Italy in 1637 (Teatro San Cassiano) is often credited as the first public opera house, but it's a matter of debate among historians. However, a more commonly accepted answer is Venice's Teatro SS Giovanni e Paolo, which was inaugurated in 1637 and is considered one of the earliest purpose-built opera houses.
Attila, a king of the Huns, was known by this nickname, which is Latin for "the scourge of God".
The New York Times has won the most Pulitzer Prizes for journalism, with a total of 127 awards since its inception in 1917.
The River Stour forms part of the boundary between Essex and Suffolk, but it actually flows into the North Sea at Felixstowe, not Harwich. The correct answer is that no river forms most of the county boundary between Essex and Suffolk and flows into the North Sea at Harwich.  However, the River Orwell (a tributary of the Stour) does flow into the North Sea at Harwich, but it doesn't form most of the boundary between the two counties.
Flash memory.
Martin Freeman played Alex Jeffreys in "The Code of a Killer".
South Pacific
The First Lady of the United States who opened a clinic for drug and alcohol abusers was Betty Ford, wife of President Gerald R. Ford. The Betty Ford Center, established in 1982, is still operational today as a rehabilitation center specializing in addiction treatment.
The TV comedy series "Frasier" is set in Seattle, Washington.
The term used to describe this practice is "filibustering".
Sicily.
The Uzi sub-machine gun was developed in Israel by Uziel Gal, a Major in the Israeli Defense Forces.
Sigmund Freud.
A rhombus has 4 equal sides, but it doesn't necessarily have an oblique angle.  However, a parallelogram with oblique angles and 4 equal sides is called a kite. But if we're looking for a specific term that describes the property of having both oblique angles and 4 equal sides, I'd say it's an "oblique rhombus" or more specifically, a "diamond".  But in geometry, the most commonly used term to describe such a shape is a "rhombus" with acute and obtuse angles, but for strict definitions, some call it an oblique rhombus.  However, there is no widely recognized single word that exactly describes this shape by its defining characteristics.
Ganymede orbits the planet Jupiter.
I'm not aware of a well-known television knockout competition that Zara Brownless won in 2011. However, I can suggest some possibilities:   * Big Brother UK? * The X Factor UK?  However, without more information or context, it is difficult to provide an accurate answer.
Theoretical physics, specifically quantum gravity. It's a hypothetical particle thought to mediate the force of gravity.
The main opponents of Russia in the Crimean War were Britain, France, and the Ottoman Empire (which is often referred to as Turkey).
Paisley.
The 1840s. Both clubs were formed in 1841: Lancashire CCC was formed on September 6, 1841, and Yorkshire CCC was formed on March 5, 1863, but the club's origins date back to 1841 as a playing club.
Edward IV
The Knight.
In Norse mythology, Frey (also known as Freyr) was the god of fertility, prosperity, and weather, specifically associated with sunshine and rainbows. He was also a god of agriculture and wealth.
Eric Pollard
The game you're referring to is likely the Super Bowl, which is typically played on the first Sunday in February. It's also one of the largest consumer days for food and beverages in the United States, ranking second only to Thanksgiving Day.
South Africa. The operation was performed by Dr. Christiaan Barnard on December 3, 1967.
Haddock. It's a traditional Scottish smoked haddock soup, often served with crème fraîche and sometimes accompanied by toast or oatcakes.
In the animated television series 'Stressed Eric', the surname of Eric is Thompson.
The Tullivers.
Jan Smuts served as Prime Minister from 1939 to 1948, leading South Africa through most of World War II.
Georgia.
A desiccant is a hygroscopic substance that absorbs moisture and produces dryness in its vicinity.
Procrastination.
The Mekong River rises in Tibet, Asia (on the Tibetan Plateau).
A moa was a large, flightless bird native to New Zealand.
Juan Manuel Fangio is the correct answer.
Ireland, in 2008.
Black Sheep, then Trust A Friend is not correct but "Love Will Never Do (Without You)" is followed by "You Remind Me" and then "Love Will Never Do is an album track, but the next single is Black Sheep.
"MTV (Music Television)". The song's music video marked the launch of MTV.
The element with atomic number 11 is Sodium (Na). In Latin, "natrium" is indeed the source of its name.
I don't have information on a well-known Mancunian singer with the name Elaine Bookbinder. Could you please provide more context or details?
I do not know this one.
The current year (I'm assuming you're referring to a recent or upcoming year) would depend on the specific date and year. However, according to the Chinese zodiac, I can tell you that the cycle repeats every 12 years.  If you give me the date, I can try to determine which animal it is in the Chinese zodiac calendar.
The Coupe des Mousquetaires is the trophy awarded to the winner of the Men's Singles title at the French Open tennis competition.
Motor oil.
Socrates is the Greek philosopher who had Plato and Xenophon as his most famous pupils.
The Bullmastiff's ancestor, the Old English Mastiff, was mentioned in Charles Dickens' novel "Bleak House", but I believe you're referring to the fact that the breed was named after Sir Edwin Landseer's painting and then later also referred to as a fictional character. However, there is one breed named directly after a character from fiction:  The Basenji was not named after a character in fiction; it's actually an old African dog breed.  But I think you might be referring to the... Peke-a-Poo (or Pekingese) is also not correct.  After some more research, I came across another possibility:   There is one dog breed that is indeed named after a character from literature:  The Bergamasco Shepherd Dog is not it...  And then I found the right answer:  The Havanese is not it either...
The Italian term is "Pattuglia" but it's more commonly known as "Pidgin".   However, a more specific and widely used term in this context is actually "Lingua Franca", which was adopted from Italian to refer to the language used for communication between people of different national groups.
The Battle of Tewkesbury was fought in 1471, near the town of Tewkesbury in Gloucestershire, England.
The Battle of Cabin Creek took place during the American Civil War, specifically in 1864.
Trilby.
The title of Blur's debut album is "Leisure".
The answer is U2, but no, they did not name themselves after the film. However, I found that the band "Paris Texas" exists and another band called "Paris Texas" formed by a musician named Paul Taylor also exists, but none of them were actually named after the character in the movie.  But I think I have it... The answer is actually the band "U2" no... but seriously, I think the correct answer is the French indie pop band "Air's" collaborators, although they didn't name themselves, a French band called " Paris Texas  was created and other bands were named after the movie...
Dublin, Ireland. The movie "Once" is actually filmed on location in Dublin and stars Glen Hansard, an Irish musician.
The phenomenon you are referring to is called Cavitation. It occurs when the static pressure of a fluid (liquid) drops below its vapor pressure, causing it to rapidly vaporize and form bubbles.
Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, also known as Prince Philip of Greece and Denmark, is often referred to by his full name as Albert Christian Edward, but more commonly as Prince Philip. However, I believe you might be referring to a different member of the royal family.  The answer I think you are looking for is: Prince Andrew, Duke of York's full title is indeed styled Albert Christian Edward, but this is not widely known or commonly used.  However, I found that Albert Christian Edward is also a rarely mentioned set of forenames of the late Prince George of Cambridge's great-uncle - Prince Michael of Kent.
Libreville.
Rigoletto.
The asteroid belt lies roughly between Mars and Jupiter in our solar system.
Thomas Jefferson is widely considered the primary author of the U.S. Declaration of Independence, although other founding fathers such as John Adams and Benjamin Franklin made significant contributions to its draft.
The lungs.
The British sitcom featuring Edina Monsoon and Patsy Stone is "Absolutely Fabulous."
Elijah, as described in 2 Kings chapter 2.
The Chronicles of Narnia series, written by C.S. Lewis, was illustrated by Pauline Bayne (not E.M. Shepherd). However, I couldn't find any information about a well-known book series illustrated by E.M. Shepherd.  But after some research, I found that E.M. Shipton is not the correct answer either... I think there might be a typo or confusion with E.M. Shipton being E.M. Shepherd.   It seems that E.M. Shipton (not E.M. Shepherd) was an illustrator who drew the covers of books, including some by author G.K. Chesterton and H.G. Wells, but I couldn't find any information about a book series he illustrated.  After more research I think I have found it... The Chronicles of Narnia wasn't illustrated by E.M. Shipton (Shepherd), but The Just William series is not the one either...  And then I found out that... The "Just William" series was written by Richmal Crompton and illustrated by Frank T. Smith, but some books were illustrated by a different illustrator named E.M. Shipton.  The correct answer is...  E.M. Shipton (I think it's the same as E.M. Shepherd) illustrated some of The Just William series by Richmal Crompton
Love's Labour's Lost.
The quote "The quality of mercy is not strained, It droppeth as the gentle rain from heaven" is spoken by Portia in William Shakespeare's play "The Merchant of Venice", Act 5 Scene 1.
Suriname, specifically around the Upper Coppename River Nature Reserve.
There is no information available about a specific member of the 2009 Team GB winning this year's Milan-San Remo cycle race, as I'm a large language model, I don't have access to real-time data or current events. However, Mark Cavendish, a British cyclist who was part of the 2009 Team GB, has won several stages in the Milan-San Remo race throughout his career.
The Armadillo is sometimes referred to as the "Earth Pig" due to its pig-like snout and ability to dig burrows.
Mary Baker Eddy founded the Christian Science Church, which is also known as The First Church of Christ, Scientist.
Labrador is a part of the province of Newfoundland and Labrador, but more specifically, it is part of the eastern half of the province.
Basketball
India's flag.
Sint Maarten (Saint Martin) and Saint Kitts and Nevis are candidates, but Saint Kitts and Nevis fits this description best. It consists of the two main islands of Saint Kitts and Nevis, making it the smallest sovereign state in the Americas by land area, with a total population of around 53,000 people.
Wall Street.
David Trimble was elected as the first First Minister of the Northern Ireland Assembly in 1998, serving alongside Sinn Féin's Gerry Adams as Deputy First Minister.
The 1968 film is "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang".
Bertram.
Butterflies have tiny sensory organs called "taste hairs" or "sensilla" located on their feet, which they use to taste and sample their surroundings as they land on surfaces.
Lon Chaney Jr. plays the Wolf Man in the 1941 horror film 'The Wolf Man'.
Cheech Marin, an American comedian and actor, is often credited with saying "Don't have a cow, man" in his stand-up routines and the movie "Cheech & Chong."
Melinda.
Hampshire (which is where Winchester is located) was part of the Kingdom of Wessex, but specifically, Winchester was the capital of a sub-kingdom called Hampshire or Winnucorum, before becoming the capital of the Kingdom of Wessex itself.
Fidel Castro's interview with Life magazine is said to have sparked an increase in James Bond book sales, and after seeing Dr. No, he reportedly wished he had a James Bond on his staff.
Japan
Spencer Tracy, a renowned American actor. He passed away on June 10, 1967, after completing filming for "Guess Who's Coming to Dinner".
Hannah Montana.
Prime Minister Spencer Perceval.
Ireland has an official residence called Áras an Uachtarain, but it's not specifically mentioned as being used for state guest accommodation.  However, after some research, I found that the United States has an official residence called Blair House, located in Washington D.C., which is used to accommodate visiting heads of government.
Henri Rousseau is the French painter in question. He was also a customs official. "The Sleeping Gypsy" (1897) and "The Hungry Lion" are among his notable works.
Fay Wray played Ann Darrow in the 1933 film 'King Kong'.
The Tagus River (Río Tajo) is the longest river entirely in Spain, stretching approximately 1,038 km from its source to its mouth in the Atlantic Ocean.
The Jewish New Year is known as Rosh Hashanah.
New things or novelty.
Denmark.
Henry VII's mother was Elizabeth of York and his father was Edmund Tudor, but Henry VII is not considered a "son" in this context as he was the 1st Earl of Richmond's child.   However, Henry VIII is considered a son of Edmund Tudor through his mother Margaret Beaufort.
Coconut.
The name of Dale Evans' horse was Buttermilk, and also later Goldie.
Will Ferrell.
Bulimia, also known as Bulemia Nervosa. The term comes from the Greek words "bous" (ox) and "limos" (hunger).
France. The Opera Cake is a French dessert that consists of layers of almond sponge cake, ganache, and coffee syrup.
Tonitrophobia is the fear of thunder or thunderstorms.
Flos Flora.
Deciduous trees, such as oak, maple, and elm, typically lose their leaves in the fall and regrow them in the spring. They do not retain their leaves year-round like evergreen trees.
David Lean.
Sebastian Copeland (note: I corrected this, his name is actually Sebastian Sajdik) however it has been reported that Sebastian Copeland and Sajdic changed their names to Sebastian in 1985 after the marriage.
Yarmouth (also known as Great Yarmouth) in Norfolk, England, and also a city in Isle de France (now Mauritius) but not the one that comes to mind immediately, is not correct. However, I do know that Yarmouth is shared by another location.   I believe the answer is Portsmouth has no equivalent river name, however Great Yarmouth's equivalent might be found elsewhere; I have it now!   Yarmouth shares its name with a city in South Korea (also known as Jamwon or Jam-won, but more commonly referred to in English as) Jam-Won doesn't appear online so I'll guess Yom or Yam.
Muscovite, used in electrical capacitors, is a processed form of Mica.
The Winchester Model 1873, also known as "The Gun That Won The West".
It was Robert Adam Smith, a British minister and poet, but more likely it was Robert Southey's friend, Robert Adamson is not found, however another source mentions "Robert Southey" who had this phrase on his cottage at Clouds Hill.
The Yorkshire detectives "Dalziel and Pascoe" were created by Reginald Hill.
The polar bear (Ursus arctos) is not a subspecies of brown bear, but rather a distinct species. However, within the brown bear subspecies, the Kodiak bear (Ursus arctos middendorffi), found in Alaska's Kodiak Archipelago, is considered one of the largest members of the brown bear family and can weigh up to 1,500 pounds.
C.S. Lewis (better known as author of "Chronicles of Narnia")
Callahan. The main character, played by Clint Eastwood, is Detective Harry Callahan.
Kirk Douglas played the title role in "Spartacus".
Prince Edward, Duke of Kent, did not marry someone named Katharine Worsley in 1961. However, I found that Prince Edward's cousin, Prince Edward's first cousin once removed and a younger son of Princess Margaret (sister to Queen Elizabeth II), married Katharine Worsley in 1961.  The correct answer is: The Duke of Kent's cousin, also known as Lord Frederick Windsor's great-uncle, Prince Edward, but more accurately the member of the Royal Family who married a woman named Katharine Worsley in 1961 was actually... Prince William of Gloucester, no.
The Copenhagen Criteria define eligibility for national membership of the Council of Europe.
A Starter question is worth 10 points in University Challenge.
Mexico. With over 130 million native Spanish speakers, Mexico has the largest Spanish-speaking population globally.
The Moray Firth.
Ty Cobb played in 2 World Series, not 3. In those 2 World Series (1910 and 1907), Cobb hit a total of 1 home run.
Kerosene.
Jaundice.
 Zubin Mehta, an Indian-born conductor.
"The Dude"
The answer is Ricin.
The answer is: New Zealand (at the 1920 Olympics), but as rugby union was a discontinued Olympic sport, the current reigning champions do not exist. However, if we consider recent revivals and developments in international competitions such as Rugby World Cup Sevens, Fiji or South Africa could be considered among the top contenders.
Mark Rothko was born in Latvia, but he is most associated with American Expressionism. However, I believe you might be thinking of another artist who actually created the "Seagram Murals" (1949-1958). The correct answer is Mark Tobey's contemporary, and Latvian-born artist, actually it's not known well as a Latvian born but his family came from there - Kazimir Malevich isn't, I think of another one,  Marc Chagall's contemporary...   I believe the correct answer is:  Wassily Kandinsky is incorrect too.
I'm not aware of a world champion boxer named Alan Rudkin, which suggests that he may not have been a well-known or prominent fighter. Can you provide more context or information about him? If you're unable to find the answer, I'll do my best with the available information.  However, after conducting some research, I found a mention of a British professional boxer named Alan Rudkin who fought in the 1950s and 1960s. Unfortunately, I couldn't determine his specific weight class.  If you have any more details or context about Alan Rudkin's career, I'll be happy to help further!
The River Wensum runs through the city of Norwich in England, but Norwich also stands on the River Yare and the River Tas is nearby. However, it's worth noting that the original medieval settlement was situated around the River Wensum.  However, I should note that technically, the city centre of Norwich is closest to the River Yare (also known as the Great Yare), but historically, the River Wensum has been closely associated with the city.
According to Catholic tradition and canon law, the College of Cardinals has a maximum of 224 members at any given time, although in practice it often fluctuates due to deaths, resignations, or appointments. However, the supreme council that makes key decisions is typically smaller, around 165-170 cardinals, known as the "ordinary membership".
Squash. All of these individuals are notable squash players.
Field hockey.
Massachusetts was the first U.S. state to legalize same-sex marriage, which it did on May 17, 2004.
I'm not aware of a well-known British darts player nicknamed 'Mr Glitter'. It's possible that this is a lesser-known or fictional reference. If you have more context or information, I'd be happy to try and help further!
"Malcolm" (Being John Malkovich)
1957.
Isaac Newton.
The Mason-Dixon line separates the states of Maryland and Pennsylvania.
Worcestershire.
Narita International Airport is located in Chiba Prefecture, near Tokyo, Japan.
The term you're looking for is "Glass Ceiling."
Teeth.   A creature that is edentulous is one that does not have any teeth.
The Dick Van Dyke Show (1961)
Lowestoft is the Suffolk town that sits at the most easterly point of England, specifically Lowestoft Ness.
The Hunger Games series.
Neither Emile Heskey nor Gary Lineker joined those clubs directly from one specific team. However, I can tell you that Emile Heskey played for Leicester City before joining Liverpool, and Gary Lineker joined Everton in 1985 after playing for Leicester City as well.   In the 1990s, Emile Heskey started his career at Leicester City.
Madelin Payne Dunham's famous grandson is Barack Obama, the 44th President of the United States.
King Edward II of England, but more notably for Scotland, it was King Robert I (also known as Robert the Bruce), who led his forces to victory against the English army.
Irving Stone.
The Herschel family. Specifically, William Herschel discovered Uranus, Caroline Herschel compiled a star catalogue (the General Catalogue of Nebulae and Clusters), and John Herschel mapped all the stars in both hemispheres and founded an observatory at Cape Town to map those in the Southern hemisphere.
Kransekake, also known as Norwegian Omelette Cake, or sometimes just called a "Norwegian Omelette".
The phonautograph, a device that recorded sound waves visually as they were made, allowing for later transcription into written form (essentially a precursor to the phonograph).
Mexico.
