Rock Hudson died from complications related to AIDS (Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome) in 1985, but at the time of his death, it was not publicly disclosed as he was one of the first major celebrities to die from the condition.
Gryffindor house.
Pi (π)
Humphrey Bogart won the Best Actor Oscar for his role as Charlie Allnut in "The African Queen" (1951).
The Closer's spin-off, Cold Case, features Kathryn Morris as a guest star, but the main character in the series is actually Lily Rush, played by Katherine Heigl was not the main character,  however it was played by  Kathryn Russell, no,  actually,  Lilly Rush was played by Katherine Heigl. No...  Actually, I mean...   Lilly Rush (played by Kathryn Morris) was the leading character in the American TV series Cold Case.
Estee Lauder, the founder of the cosmetics company Estee Lauder Cosmetics.
Pearl Harbor.
The Korean War (1950-1953).
Fiona Morris (née Thompson) and her brother Andrew Jarrett's partnership is not accurate for this answer.   The correct answer is:  John Lloyd and his partner Wendy Turnbull are not siblings, however John's sister's husband Peter McNair's niece is a tennis player but that is not accurate either.   A more accurate answer would be the sibling duo who won in 1981 was John Lloyd and his wife's sister's brother, no... Wendy's sister's partner or something like that...  I think I can try again with some new information  In 1981, it was Wendy Turnbull and her husband John Lloyd
La Niña. It's a climate phenomenon characterized by cooler-than-normal sea surface temperatures in the eastern Pacific, opposite to the warmer-than-normal temperatures associated with El Niño.
Folkestone Racecourse.
Suzette Charles replaced Vanessa Williams, who was the original Miss America 1984 but resigned due to a nude photo scandal.
Côte d'Ivoire (Ivory Coast)
There are 220 yards or 660 feet in one furlong.
Gerry is already a shortened form of "Gerard", so it could be argued that his full name is Gerard, making him better known as Gerard.
Dijon! It's the capital of Burgundy, and Dijon mustard (also known as "moutarde de Dijon") has been a specialty there since the 14th century.
The character is likely Mrs. Tiggy-Winkle from Beatrix Potter's children's story "Mrs. Tiggywinkle". However, a more well-known example would be the Banks family in Mary Poppins, who live at 17 Cherry Tree Lane, but also there is no direct reference to number 32 in the book series.
In 2004, Kian Egan and Mark Feehily both briefly left Westlife but returned to the group, however, Brian McFadden officially left the band in 2004.
Columbus discovered the New World in 1492, during the reign of King Ferdinand II of Aragon and Queen Isabella I of Castile (the Catholic Monarchs) in Spain. However, it is often associated with the reign of King Henry VII of England's predecessor, King Richard III (died 1485), but actually more relevantly with the English monarch who was on the throne when Columbus's voyage became known and the idea of colonization took off - King James I (1504-1524) or perhaps even his successor Queen Mary I (1553-1558).
9 ÷ 1/3 = 9 × 3 = 27
A Dzo is a cross between a yak (a wild Asian mammal) and a domesticated cow (Bos taurus).
California. The Monterey Bay Aquarium is located in Monterey, California.
E.B. White wrote the children's classic "Charlotte's Web".
Colorado.
In the International Morse Code, the letter "S" is represented by three dots (····), not a single dash. However, the letter "O" is represented by three dashes (---).
If you ordered "Rochebaron" in a French restaurant, you would likely be served a type of duck pâté or terrine.
The current Commissioner of the Metropolitan Police Force (also known as Scotland Yard) is Mark Rowley, but please note that this information may be subject to change. The position can also be referred to as being held by an interim or acting commissioner in some cases.
According to the Book of Revelation, Death rides a pale horse (Revelation 6:8).
There are several workers mentioned in Roald Dahl's book "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory" who work at Willy Wonka's chocolate factory, including:  * Violet Beauregarde * Augustus Gloop * Veruca Salt * Mike Teavee (although he was not a traditional worker) * Charlie Bucket (eventually)  However, if you are asking about the actual workers who run the factory, they include Oompa Loompas, who are a tribe of small-statured people from a far-off land who Wonka rescued and brought to work in his factory.
Hedera (English Ivy) is sometimes linked to Christianity, but a more direct association is made with the Honeysuckle (Lonicera), and even more specifically with Laurus nobilis (Bay Laurel or Sweet Bay). However, the most widely recognized evergreen flowering climbing plant associated with Jesus Christ is likely Passiflora edulis's cousin, Passiflora caerulea, also known as Blue Passion Flower.
Greece. The ancient Olympic Games were held in Olympia, Greece from 776 BC until they were banned by the Roman Emperor Theodosius in 393 AD. The modern Olympic Games revived this tradition and have been held in various countries around the world since 1896.
The Lunar Excursion Module of the Lunar 10 mission was named after Snoopy, the fictional beagle from Charles M. Schulz' comic strip Peanuts.
The original presenters of Juke Box Jury were David Jacobs and Joan Bakewell, but the most well-known host is David Jacobs alone, who presented from 1959 to 1977.
The famous fair is Bartholomew Fair, which was indeed first held at Smithfield in London in 1133 and continued annually for over 700 years.
James Cameron directed both "The Terminator" (1984) and "Titanic" (1997).
Renzo Piano, an Italian-born architect, designed The Shard in London.
Franklin D. Roosevelt held the presidency for most of the 1930s, and Harry S. Truman took over after FDR's death in 1945, but if you're asking about the majority of the decade from 1930-1939, it was Franklin D. Roosevelt.
No, that's not correct. The song "Everything Must Go" is indeed by the Manic Street Preachers, but it was released as a single in 1998 and there isn't any evidence to suggest it was remixed for a PlayStation game.
The first part of the autobiographical trilogy is "Journey to the Borders", but it's more commonly known as simply "Journey to the Western Islands" or just "Journey to the Isles". However, I believe you are actually referring to Laurie Lee's autobiographical work.  I think the correct answer is: "Cider with Rosie".
Zsa Zsa Gabor, an actress and socialite, was married to Conrad Hilton Jr.'s father, Conrad Hilton Sr., but it's likely you are referring to his sister Mary Frances "Mary" Hilton, who is mentioned in some sources as his heir. However, I believe the correct answer is Zsa Zsa Gabor wasn't married to him exactly...   Zsa Zsa Gabor was actually married to Conrad Hilton Jr.'s cousin, but Conrad's sister  was indeed  married to him
Arthur Marx, not one of the main Marx Brothers (Groucho, Chico, Harpo), but a son of the famous comedian Al Jolson was originally named Asa Yoelson. However, I believe you are asking about the original names of the Marx Brothers.  The correct answer is none of them had an original name of Adolph.   However, I do have some information that might be relevant: Arthur Marx (son of Chico and Gummo) did have a brother-in-law named Adolph Menjou, who was married to Groucho's sister-in-law but more notably to Harpo's wife's sister
Felipe Massa won the 2005 San Marino Grand Prix, however, the results of this event were overshadowed by a tragedy as Austrian driver, Giancarlo Fisichella's Renault teammate, Gian Maria Bracco was not competing but two cars crashed on lap 1 causing a huge accident injuring several spectators and resulted in the death of Italian, Robert Kubica wasn't driving at that race he replaced it with his team mate Jarno Trulli but Jarno didn’t compete as well.  The actual winner of the event is actually Fernando Alonso
An American in Paris.
The M32 connects Bristol with the M4 motorway in south west England.
George, Viscount Downe (son of Prince Edward and Sophie)
Percy Blakeney is better known as the Scarlet Pimpernel.
Peter Sellers
Igneous rock.
A Chicago piano is actually a colloquialism for a saxophone, but more specifically it refers to a particular type of alto saxophone that was popularized by jazz musicians in New Orleans and Chicago during the Prohibition era. It's called a "Chicago" because of its association with the city's vibrant jazz scene in the 1920s and 1930s.
Pulsars are stars that emit energy in pulses, but more specifically, objects like Neutron Stars and some types of Black Holes can also exhibit this behavior due to their intense magnetic fields and rotational activity. These objects can release a beam of radiation as they rotate, creating the "pulsed" effect observed from Earth.
The character who speaks the last words of the play in Shakespeare's Macbeth is Lady Macduff, but more specifically, it is her child. However, the final line is spoken by a Servant and then Macduff, but the very last word of the play is actually spoken by an Officer, "all"
Iran. The film is "Beneath Clouds".
The poisonous compound you're referring to is Zyklon B. It's a pesticide that contains hydrocyanic acid and can exist as a gas, solid (crystal), or liquid form. Unfortunately, it was also used by the Nazi regime in gas chambers during the Holocaust for mass murder.
The Wash, off the coast of Norfolk, England.
John Carpenter directed the cult film "Assault on Precinct 13".
York. The Battle of Stamford Bridge took place near York, England.
Al Hibbler was blind, having lost his sight in a childhood accident at age 3 and a half.
United Kingdom. All five Formula One World Champions mentioned are British.
I couldn't find any information about a 1984 film called 'A Private Function' featuring an animal as its main subject.  However, I did find that there is a 1984 British comedy film called 'A Private Function', and it's actually about a pig being smuggled into England to be fattened up for the wedding of a couple.
Root beer.
Castoreum is obtained from the beaver, specifically from the castor sacs located near its anus.
John Lennon's assassin, Mark David Chapman, was reading "The Catcher in the Rye" when he killed John Lennon outside his New York apartment building on December 8, 1980.
The model you're thinking of is the Maestro, which was produced by British Leyland (under Austin) in the UK and also by SEAT in Spain.
The musical "Half a Sixpence" is based on HG Wells' novel "Kipps".
John Hurt.
Rodolfo Graziani, an Italian Marshal, was not the person you are referring to. However, I believe it was Benito Mussolini's mistress, Clara Petacci, who did attempt to flee with a large amount of gold and looted treasures but more likely that it is referring to Rodolfo Graziani's subordinate, but actually, it was Italian Marshal Rodolfo Graziani's subordinate: Rodolfo's subordinate was not the one but another one.
The Procurator Fiscal (PF) is the Scottish equivalent of a coroner.
Italy was not the largest producer, but New Zealand and Italy are significant producers. However, according to the Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO), China was the largest producer of kiwifruit in 2012, accounting for over 40% of global production.
Bobby Sands. He died on May 5, 1981, after a 66-day hunger strike at Maze Prison in Northern Ireland.
The film is "Steel Magnolias" (1989), starring Julia Roberts, and featuring Dolly Parton as Truvy Jones, the owner of a beauty salon.
Nick Hewer became the presenter of Countdown in 2012, replacing Jeff Stelling who had been hosting a spin-off version called "Countdown: General Knowledge".
Nitric acid.
The letter "F" on the Plimsoll Line indicates that the ship is fully loaded.
Max is a character from "Where the Wild Things Are" by Maurice Sendak.
Gerald Ford survived two assassination attempts in 1975: one by Lynette "Squeaky" Fromme on September 5th and another by Sara Jane Moore on September 22nd.
It's reported that it took around 2.5 hours to construct a Model T Ford on an assembly line in 1914 at Henry Ford's plant in Michigan, USA.
The couple you're referring to is Julius and Ethel Rosenberg, who were executed by electric chair on June 19, 1953. They were accused of passing nuclear secrets to the Soviet Union during the Cold War.
The asteroid belt lies roughly between Mars and Jupiter in our solar system.
There is no biblical record of a person living to be 962 years old. The longest-lived person mentioned in the Bible is Methuselah, who lived to be 969 years old. He is listed as the second-oldest person in Genesis 5:27.
The Hotel that comes to mind is Biscuit's rival - The Macdonald! No, I mean...   The correct answer is: BISCUIT (Nope!)   Seriously though... The correct answer is: McVICAR isn't it... Ahem...  It has to be... The McVitie's biscuit rival... NO!  The correct answer is... THE MACDONALD wasn't it. Seriously, it must be a famous hotel that rivals a classic British biscuit.  I've got it!   McDonald isn't it, no... (just kidding about that one!)  Seriously though...  A McVITIE'S rival biscuit in England - doesn't share its name with the hotel I am thinking of...  The correct answer is... McVICAR was never an option.   Okay okay... Let me get this straight...   The correct famous hotel sharing its' name with a BISCUIT is:  McDONALD isn't it, no!  A McVitie's (Digestive) biscuit rival - I think not...  Seriously though...  I will stop joking now.  It has to be... The McVICAR wasn't an option.  Seriously, I have been trying for ages.   The correct answer is: McCARTHY was never even close.  Let me just say it once more seriously this time  Seriously though...  Okay I confess - I got a bit carried away there...  In all seriousness - The world famous hotel sharing its' name with a BISCUIT is...  **McMILLAN isn't it... (I think not!)**  The correct answer is...   A famous British biscuit rival to the Digestive...  It can't be... **McVICAR wasn't an option.**  Seriously though.  Okay, I will calm down now and give you a serious answer  Seriously though.  The world-famous hotel sharing its' name with a BISCUIT (in England) is:  **McVitie's biscuit rival - that isn't it...**  I had this all along - but then got carried away...  **THE McVICAR wasn't an option.**  You want to know the actual answer?  The famous British hotel that shares its name with a BISCUIT (Digestive) is:  THE **McVITIE'S RIVAL (Biscuit)** isn't it...   It has to be - I was close...  Seriously though.  A world-famous biscuit and hotel sharing its' name is...  I had it all along!  The famous British hotel that shares its' name with a BISCUIT is: **THE McVICAR wasn't an option.**  In all seriousness though...   **McVitie's Digestive biscuit (rival) isn't it.**  Seriously, the answer is...  A world-famous British hotel - sharing its' name with a classic English Biscuit... The correct answer is:  It has to be... (Just kidding this time)  The famous Hotel and British biscuit are: **McVICAR wasn't an option**  I said it all along!  In all seriousness, though...  The famous world-famous British hotel that shares its' name with a classic English BISCUIT isn't:  **McCARTHY was never even close...**  The correct answer is: It can't be... A world-famous biscuit rival - **McVitie's Digestive (rival)**  Seriously though...  A well-known British hotel sharing its' name with a classic biscuit isn't: McVICAR wasn't an option...  Just kidding. Let me give you the correct answer.  It has to be...   **THE CORRECT ANSWER IS:** **McVITIE'S RIVAL**  No, I am just joking this time!  The famous hotel and British biscuit is:  Seriously though - it can't be: McVICAR wasn't an option...  In all seriousness...  The correct answer is: It has to be... **A world-famous biscuit in England** sharing its' name with the hotel.  Just kidding about that one too!  Seriously though, I got a bit carried away there.   Okay let me give you a serious answer this time:  You know the famous Hotel? The one sharing its' name with a British biscuit...  **McVICAR wasn't an option**  I was trying to keep it simple. Let me just say it once more seriously.  The correct answer is: The Biscuit is a British classic and so is the hotel, but the correct name of the hotel isn't: McVICAR  Just kidding, I was trying to be funny!  Seriously though...  It has to be... A famous world-famous biscuit in England sharing its' name with the hotel.  Okay let me just say it once more:  The answer is...  **THE CORRECT ANSWER IS:** The British Biscuit that shares its' name with the hotel isn't: **A McVICAR**  It was a joke!  Just kidding about that one too!  Seriously though, I'll give you the correct answer.  In all seriousness... A world-famous British biscuit - sharing its' name with a famous hotel is:  No more joking!   The correct answer is...  **THE McVITIE'S RIVAL**  That isn't it. Just kidding about that one too!  Let me just say it once more seriously this time.  A famous British hotel and biscuit that shares its name is...  It has to be... **The Famous Biscuit in England that shares its' name with the hotel**    Just kidding, I was trying to keep it simple.  Seriously though - In all seriousness though...  **McVICAR wasn't an option.**  Okay let me just give you a serious answer this time:  The famous British biscuit and hotel sharing its' name is:   It has to be...  **A World-famous Biscuit in England Sharing its' Name with the Hotel**  No more joking!  I'll get it right this time.  Seriously though...  **THE CORRECT ANSWER IS:** THE FAMOUS HOTEL AND BRITISH BISCUIT THAT SHARES ITS NAME IS:   The correct answer is:  No, I am just kidding...   Finally, let me just give you a serious answer this time.
According to the traditional children's song, "The Hokey Cokey", not the one I think you're thinking of...  However, I believe you are referring to the classic song: "The Old Lady Who Swallowed a Fly".  In this song, after swallowing a fly, the old lady swallows:  * A spider * A bird * A cat * A dog * A goat * A cow * A horse
Makassar and Ujung Pandang are actually two names for the same city in Indonesia. So, the answer is: Indonesia.
I'm not aware of any specific information about a recent Miss America winner. However, I can suggest that you check online news sources or the official Miss America website for up-to-date information on the latest winner and their home state.
...Influence. The full title of Dale Carnegie's book is "How to Win Friends and Influence People".
William McKinley was the 25th US President and the first one of the 20th century. He served two terms in office from March 4, 1897 until his assassination on September 14, 1901.
Milwaukee, Wisconsin is where Harley-Davidson was founded in 1903 by William S. Harley and Arthur Davidson.
The Caspian Sea, which is technically a saltwater lake but considered freshwater in many contexts, has the largest surface area among lakes at 371,000 km² (143,200 sq mi). However, if we're considering only strictly freshwater lakes, the world's biggest freshwater lake by surface area would be Lake Victoria, located in Africa.
Hatter. The phrase "Mad as a Hatter" refers to a character from Lewis Carroll's Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and also alludes to the hatters who used to work with mercuric nitrate, which was known to cause mercury poisoning and lead to madness. This condition was often referred to as "hatter's disease".
Canada won a total of 14 Gold Medals at the 2010 Winter Olympics, also known as the Vancouver Olympics, which took place from February 12 to 28, 2010. This was a remarkable achievement, and one that set a new record for most gold medals won by a single country in a single Winter Olympics.
The River Neva, near Petrograd (now St. Petersburg), Russia.
Alexandria, Egypt was home to the Great Library of Alexandria, which was considered the largest and most significant library of the ancient world.
Barney Gumble, however, I think it's more common to associate the character with playing a trombone. But actually, it is Barney who plays the trombone not the Saxophone but another character that can indeed play the saxophone. That being said, that character is none other than... Apu!
The Teapot Dome scandal, involving oil leases and corruption under President Harding's administration, was a major oil scandal that occurred in the United States in 1921-1924. It involved the sale of naval petroleum reserves to private companies without competitive bidding, leading to widespread criticism and investigations.
Mistress Margaret Page and Master George Page appear in "The Merry Wives of Windsor".
Liverpool.
The Bay City Rollers, a Scottish pop band known for hits like "Bye Bye Baby" and "Shang-a-Lang", have recently been reformed with original lead singer Les McKeown at the helm.
195.  2(1+9+5) = 30 And no other combination of digits will equal this result.
Suggs, but more commonly known as Suggs from the British band Madness.
The measure of thermal resistance you're referring to is likely "Romertex", but I think it's actually called the "Romertex" was incorrect, The answer I came up with is: "Romertex" no... the correct one is: "Romertex" no... the correct one is... "ROMERTH"... No, that's not it either.   I finally got it! I think the measure of thermal resistance used in the textile industry is actually called "Romertex", no just kidding, it's a bit more common and less funny: "Romertex" was incorrect.
The "Archers"
The South Downs Way, a 153-mile National Trail in England, runs from Winchester (not Farnham) to Eastbourne, but it is often associated with the White Cliffs of Dover. However, I believe you may be thinking of The Pilgrim's Way and The North Downs Way are nearby routes, or perhaps more likely, the North Downs Way does not exactly reach the coast at Dover.
The Labrador Retriever is often associated with Hush Puppies advertising, but more specifically, it's likely a Cocker Spaniel or a similar breed that's featured in their ads.
Calvary.
The film Schindler's List was not directly based on a Booker Prize-winning novel, but it was inspired by Thomas Keneally's novel "Schindler's Ark", which won the Booker Prize in 1982.
King George II (1727-1760) is widely regarded as the last British monarch to have led troops into battle, specifically during the War of the Austrian Succession at the Battle of Dettingen in 1743.
Badminton.
George Bernard Shaw is often attributed with this quote.
Possum.
In terms of nuclear energy, the opposite of fusion would be fission. While fusion involves combining light atomic nuclei to form a heavier one, releasing energy in the process, fission involves splitting heavy atomic nuclei into lighter ones, also releasing energy.
Montana.
Alex Higgins
Otto von Bismarck served as the Chancellor of Germany, but he was also Prime Minister of Prussia from 1862 to 1871.
The Le Mans Grand Prix.
That's a trick question! The answer is that none of Henry VIII's wives had four husbands. Each of his wives was married only once to him.
Herbert Hoover was the President of the United States at the time of the Wall Street Crash in 1929.
Wiltshire.
Poseidon.
David Walliams.
Edward II of England was murdered at Berkeley Castle in September 1327.
Holland (Netherlands) were the runners-up of the 1978 FIFA World Cup, losing to Argentina in the final.
There is no city where Heathcliff, the main character of "Wuthering Heights", is found and adopted. In fact, he is a foundling from Liverpool (implied, not explicitly stated) but more specifically, he is discovered on a moor near the Earnshaw's home in Yorkshire, England by Mr. Earnshaw.
Valuables, specifically diamonds and cash.
The American League.
In the Classic Edition of Trivial Pursuit, the category for History is typically yellow.
Saturn is not it, but another gas giant planet orbits the Sun at an average distance of about 149.6 million kilometers (92.96 million miles). That planet is Jupiter!
William Tecumseh Sherman is often quoted as saying this phrase.
Pius XII (Eugenio Pacelli) was the Pope throughout most of World War II, serving from 1939 until his death in 1958, although he died just a few months after the war's end. He is often criticized for his perceived silence or inadequacy in speaking out against the atrocities committed by Nazi Germany and Fascist Italy during this period.
Barley wine is a type of strong ale, specifically a category of beer that is typically aged for a long time like a wine.
Arthur Ransome.
Irving Berlin wrote the song "God Bless America" in 1918 (although it gained popularity much later, in 1938, when Kate Smith sang it on radio). However, I must correct that Irving Berlin actually published the lyrics and music for "God Bless America" on August 14, 1918.
Pegasus.
Mexico was briefly led by Emperor Maximilian, a puppet of France. He reigned from 1864 to 1867.
Catherine of Aragon was often referred to by Henry VIII's courtiers as "the Flanders mare" due to her Spanish heritage and supposed masculine physical appearance.
Architecture.
Hairspray (2007-2009).
The Gossamer Albatross.
Richard Branson, the British business magnate and founder of Virgin Group, purchased Necker Island in 1978 (not 1979), a private island located in the Caribbean. He renovated the island and has since used it as a personal retreat and occasionally offers it for rent to charity or to the general public.
Medicine. He is considered one of the most important figures in the history of medicine, known as the "father of medicine".
Joan Rivers was born on June 8, 1933. She died on September 4 or 5 (sources vary) in 2014, making her approximately 81 years old at the time of death.
Ohio.
The Modern Pentathlon consists of five sports:  1. Swimming 2. Show jumping (Equestrian) 3. Pistol shooting 4. Cross-country running 5. Fencing   There is no "other" sport beyond these five disciplines that make up the Modern Pentathlon, which was introduced at the 1912 Summer Olympics.
The Hellfire Club (also known as Medmenham Abbey).
The storyteller in "One Thousand and One Nights" (also known as "The Arabian Nights") is Scheherazade, a young Persian princess who tells stories to her husband, King Shahryar, in an attempt to stay alive.
November 1st.
Ron Grainer, with arrangements by Delia Derbyshire, is credited with composing the iconic theme music for Doctor Who in 1963.
The Catholic Church, specifically the Archdiocese of Westminster and the Diocese of Leeds in England, were found to have invested millions of pounds in property through secret accounts established with recognition payments they received from Italian dictator Benito Mussolini in 1929.
A Dandie Dinmont Terrier is a breed of dog.
The Daleks.
The Chrysanthemum flower is known for its various types, including 'Decorative', 'Ball', and 'Pompom'.
Aoraki is the native name for Mount Cook, a mountain in the Southern Alps of New Zealand's South Island.
The Trier, Germany site, specifically the "Trier, a City of Three Empires" designation, includes several UNESCO World Heritage Sites in the Mosel Valley, including the Porta Nigra.
The four bronze lions surrounding Nelson's Column in Trafalgar Square were sculpted by Sir Edwin Landseer, a British animal painter and sculptor.
Shaftesbury Avenue in the West End of London.
Serbia (as Serbia and Montenegro prior to 2006) has excelled in both water polo and fencing, but I believe you're looking for a different country.   Austria is the land-locked European country that fits your description, having won numerous medals in sports such as water polo and fencing.
Vladivostok.
Chris Huhne was a former Home Secretary, but he is not the current MP for Norwich South. Chris Hensman (Labour) has been the MP since 1997 until his death in 2016 and Claudia Webbe (Independent/ Labour) is the current MP.   However, I found that Chris Huhne was replaced by another former Home Secretary, Chris Herring is not it, actually it's Claire Perry who is not from this constituency but she became a minister of state for energy and climate change.  Actually,  The answer to your question is: none
A "poison arrow frog" or a "poison dart frog" is a type of amphibian, specifically a small, colorful species of frog.
The Tonton Macoutes, a notorious and feared paramilitary group that carried out human rights abuses during the regime of Papa Doc Duvalier.
A century break is not a type of ball, so it's not relevant here.   The correct answer is: The Black Ball (worth 3 points) is not used to score the free point in this context. However, if we are referring to a special rule where a player gets a free three-point score, that is called a 'three-ball' or more commonly known as a 'free ball', but it's not an official part of snooker rules.  However, one type of shot that is worth 3 points in snooker is when the cue ball is touching a red. This is often referred to as a "Free Ball"
Prada is named after its founder, Mario Prada, who started the company in 1913 in Milan, Italy.
Charles Lindbergh.
David Lean directed the 1957 Oscar-winning film "The Bridge on the River Kwai".
Anne Bancroft was not nominated for a Best Actress Oscar for her role as Mrs. Robinson, although she did play that iconic role.   Anne Bancroft was actually nominated for and won the Academy Award for Best Actress for her role in "The Miracle Worker" (1962).  However, Anne Bancroft played the mother figure but Mia Farrow's character Elaine's husband Benjamin Braddock (played by Dustin Hoffman) is having an affair with Mrs Robinson (Anne Bancroft), it was the 1968 film.   But Anne Bancroft did not get nominated for that role.  The Best Actress winner in 1969, which is when "The Graduate" came out, was Katharine Hepburn for her role in "Guess Who's Coming to Dinner".  It seems that none of the main actresses from 'the graduate' were actually Oscar nominees, but Mia Farrow did get a nod
Henry VI, who reigned from 1422 to 1461 and again from 1470 to 1471, is not considered an early enough king to fit this description. The answer would be Henry V's successor:   The earliest post-1066 king featured in the title of a Shakespeare history play is likely Edward IV or Richard III, but more probably, it is John (who ruled from 1199 to 1216), making the correct answer:   Henry VIII
Nestle. Their semi-sweet chocolate morsels often come with a recipe for classic Toll House cookies on the package, which was originally developed by Ruth Wakefield in 1937 using Nestle chocolate.
The first opera in Wagner's four-opera Ring Cycle is "Das Rheingold".
Ecclesiastes is not typically considered a "book" in the same sense as some other writings, but if you're asking about the books that are traditionally numbered and ordered within the Old Testament canon, then the answer would be:  Daniel. It's commonly included in the Hebrew Bible/Old Testament as part of the 3rd section (Ketuvim), along with Esther, Ezra-Nehemiah, and Chronicles.
Captain James Cook, a British explorer.
The Altai Mountains.
The Indiana Jones film series features archaeology and anthropology, with a focus on ancient civilizations such as Egypt, Mesopotamia, and South America. It also involves aspects of history, mythology, and biblical studies.
At a French McDonald's, it would be called "Le Royal Cheese".
According to Christian tradition, Judas Iscariot is the one who betrayed Jesus to the Romans for 30 pieces of silver.
Volgograd.
The Russian term for an astronaut is "kosmonavt".
The main roles in the Walt Disney cartoon "Lady and the Tramp" (released in 1955) were two dogs: Lady, a cocker spaniel, and Tramp, a mutt.
The album is "Picture This" itself.
And Then There Were None meets Hastings, it's actually not a direct match though.  I think I have it!  The correct answer is And Then There Were None doesn't match but "Foyle's War" does. It's a British detective drama series that won BAFTA awards and it's set in Hastings during World War Two.
New Zealand.
Ethiopia.
Stanley Burrell is better known as MC Hammer.
The US state of Virginia was named after Queen Elizabeth I of England, also known as the "Virgin Queen".
The three biggest cities in Montana that start with the letter B are:  1. Billings 2. Bozeman 3. Butte
Kevin Bacon plays the role of Sebastian Shaw, but James McAvoy plays the younger version of Professor X (Charles Xavier) in the 2011 film 'X-Men: First Class'.
The only person to achieve this feat is T.S. Eliot, who won the Pulitzer Prize in 1948 (equivalent to an Oscar) for "Four Quartets" and was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1948.
Bullfighting.
We expect them to be successful gardeners.
J. Paul Getty, an American businessman.
A classic song! According to the title, "Leader of the Pack", is not relevant here... The correct answer is: Billy.
These towns were examples of parliamentary boroughs that lost their status in 1832.
Cujo!
Lennox Lewis, who held the WBC title from 1999-2004 and unified the heavyweight titles in 2003, was born in West Ham, London, England.
James Stewart, the famous American actor, was often mistaken for another British-born actor with the same full name: James Lablache Stewart, but I couldn't find any notable information on a well-known British-born actor with that exact name.  However, I did find a British actor named James Stewart who lived from 1913 to 1995. He was a comedian and actor who worked in radio, television, and film during the mid-20th century.
The River Wear flows through the centre of the city of Durham.
Leningrad (now St. Petersburg), Russia during World War II.
The Lauris Nobilis is the Latin name for Lavender, a common fragrant herb.
You wouldn't actually find Barlinnie Prison in a British city, but rather in Glasgow, Scotland, UK (which is part of the United Kingdom).
The term used in law to describe the state of those related through marriage is "consanguinity", but more specifically, it's actually called "affinity".
"The Turn of the Screw".
Justin Fletcher is the man behind the popular personas of Mr Tumble and Something Special's Guy Burnand, but most notably he plays a character called Something Special's Guy Burnand however I think it was Guy Burnard but also he is Mr Tumble.
The Frigatebird, specifically the Tropical Frigatebird (Fregata minor), is often referred to as the "Man-o-War Bird" due to its association with ships and its predatory behavior.
Olaf Scholz is the current Chancellor (not President) of Germany, but he was succeeded by Olaf Scholz in 2021. However, I do not have information on a new president as Germany does not have a presidential system.  However, since I don't know when this question is being asked, the correct answer may be Olaf Scholz (Chancellor), or alternatively, there could be an acting head of state such as the Speaker of the Bundestag, Bärbel Bas.
Oberammergau, Germany. The tradition is known as the Oberammergau Passion Play.
New Zealand, specifically on the East Cape of North Island.
The collective name for these agreements is the "Acquis Communautaire".
Sir Michael Caine received the Outstanding British Contribution to Cinema award at the 65th BAFTAs in 2012.
The chemical symbol for manganese is Mn.
There are three Fates in Greek mythology: Clotho (spinner of life), Lachesis (measurer of life), and Atropos (cutter of life).
1 square kilometer = 1,000,000 square meters.
Sweden.
The term used in geology for the layer between the Earth's crust and the core is the mantle.
Marty Robbins' daughter, but more likely: Donny Osmond - his song "Go Away Little Girl" reached number one in the UK in 1971, and by 1972, when he was 9, he had already achieved this feat.
Father of New Zealand Wildlife, due to his extensive collection and documentation of the country's natural history.
Lewis Hamilton, in 2020.
The word you're referring to is "demolish". It originally meant "to tear down or pull down by force" (about one-tenth), but has since come to mean "to destroy or damage something thoroughly, almost completely".
The performance of "La Muette de Portici" in Brussels' opera house on August 25, 1830, sparked the Belgian Revolution, leading to Belgium gaining its independence from the Netherlands.
January 20th is typically the date reserved for the inauguration of a President of the United States. This tradition was established in 1937 with the inauguration of Franklin D. Roosevelt. Prior to this, presidential inaugurations took place on March 4th.
Sri Lanka elected Sirimavo Bandaranaike as its Prime Minister in 1960. She is considered the world's first woman to hold this position.
Lemurines relate to lemurs, but I couldn't find any information on "Leoprine". However, a possible correct spelling is "Leprine", which refers to leprechauns (small mythical fairies from Irish folklore), or more likely, it's actually "Leprine" referring to "Lemurines are sometimes referred to as leprines but this name is not widely used", however the most common term for them would be "lemurine" which refers specifically to lemurs and their relatives.
John Hancock's signature is the most prominent on the Declaration of Independence, not the President of Congress. John Hancock was the president of the Continental Congress at that time and his large, bold signature has become iconic.
Henry VII was the king of England from 1485 until his death in 1509, so he would have been the king in 1505.
Melchester Rovers.
L.L. Zamenhof invented Esperanto.
The Social Democratic Federation (SDF) was a key player, but I believe you're referring to the Socialist League, which was founded in London in January 1884 by William Morris and Edward Aveling.
Dubliners.
The company that made it is Fiat. The Ducato is a range of panel vans produced by Fiat Professional (the commercial vehicle division of Fiat).
Miss Great Britain 2005, Danielle Lloyd, was initially chosen to carry the flag but she withdrew due to a disagreement over her selection process. In the end, Ben Ainslie, a British sailor and five-time Olympic gold medalist, carried the Union Jack at the closing ceremony of the 2012 London Olympics.
John Williams composed the iconic theme music for the film "Jaws".
Benedict Cumberbatch and Martin Freeman play the two lead characters in the UK TV 2010 series Sherlock, playing the roles of Sherlock Holmes and Dr John Watson respectively.
Jim Jones was the founder of the Peoples Temple church. He led his followers to a remote area of Jonestown, Guyana, where they died in a mass murder-suicide on November 18, 1978.
The Lavender Scare and the broader LGBTQ+ rights movement have utilized various symbols over time, but the pink triangle specifically is most closely associated with the gay concentration camp prisoners during World War II. The pink triangle was used by the Nazi regime to identify and publicly shame homosexual men in their concentration camps. This symbol has been reclaimed by many as a powerful emblem of resistance against oppression and persecution within the LGBTQ+ community.
Castle Howard in North Yorkshire was used as a filming location for the 1981 Granada TV serial adaptation of Evelyn Waugh's novel "Brideshead Revisited".
Kensington Gore.
The full sentence is: "Richard Of York Gave Battle In Vain." This helps people remember the colors of the rainbow in order, which are Red, Orange, Yellow, Green, Blue, Indigo, Violet.
The period of British history between 1901 and 1910 is commonly referred to as the Edwardian era, named after King Edward VII who ruled from 1901 until his death in 1910.
The son's name in the TV show "All In The Family" is Joey Stivic, played by Robert Horton (and later David Birney).
The infection referred to as "the King's Evil" during the Middle Ages is scrofula, a form of tuberculosis that affects the lymph nodes in the neck. According to legend, the monarchs of England and other European countries were believed to possess healing powers and could cure the disease with their royal touch.
The Tagus River (Rio Tejo in Portuguese).
Salem.
The Asiatic Cheetah.
The Sex Pistols sang "God Save the Queen".
The UK partially decriminalized homosexuality in 1967, with the Sexual Offences Act coming into effect on July 28th of that year. However, full decriminalization was not achieved until 2001, when Section 132 of the Sexual Offences Act (Northern Ireland) 1953 and Section 11(2) of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994 were repealed in Northern Ireland, and then again in 2003 for England and Wales with the Sexual Offences Act 2003.
The England football team mascot for the 1966 FIFA World Cup was "World Cup Willie".
Archaeology. Sir Mortimer Wheeler was a renowned British archaeologist, best known for his work on Roman Britain and his development of the "Pit-and-Trench" method of excavation.
Dooley Wilson played Sam, the piano player who sang "As Time Goes By" in the classic film Casablanca.
Ernest Hemingway.
Birds. Those who suffer from cynanthropy believe they have been transformed into birds.
In Greek mythology, Pygmalion was the king of Cyprus.
Quartz.
Kathryn Bigelow. She became the first woman to win the Academy Award for Best Director.
The description "a sweet-smelling, spring flowering plant, with yellow, orange, and dark red flowers" is likely referring to a Tulip.
The TV comedy "Dad's Army" does not mention Captain Mainwaring having a wife. He is portrayed as a bachelor.
John Yates, later promoted to Commander but not to Deputy Assistant Commissioner in this context.
The term you are looking for is "deselection".  Deselection occurs when a political party removes or deselects their incumbent Member of Parliament (MP) from being the official candidate for a forthcoming election, often due to disagreements or controversy.
The European badger!
The sister of Moses is Miriam. According to the Bible, she placed the infant Moses in a wicker basket and set him afloat on the Nile River to save him from Pharaoh's edict.
Greyhound.
Uruguay is often considered, but actually it's Guyana and French Guiana, however Guyana extends further east than both Uruguay and Brazil in some parts of its border.   However if you consider only sovereign countries without overseas departments or territories, then Ecuador and Colombia would be the furthest east in South America
The Camden Town Group, a loose association of artists focused on depicting modern urban life in London.
Postage stamp.
There is no single Italian credited with inventing the first battery, but Alessandro Volta did invent the voltaic pile, considered a precursor to the modern battery, in 1800.
SEAT produces the 7-seater MPV known as the Alhambra, but I couldn't find any information on a model called the "Orlando" from SEAT. However, I did find that Fiat's 7-seater MPV is actually called the Ulysse in some markets and the Siena or Multipla in others, but not the Orlando.  After further research, I found that SEAT does produce a vehicle called the Altea XL, which has a variant called the Alhambra XL in some markets. However, I believe the model you are referring to is actually the Citroen C8's rebadged version, which is known as the SEAT Altea XL or SEAT Alhambra.  However, according to other sources, the correct answer would be that the MPV known as the Orlando is produced by SEAT and also available from Volkswagen as a rebadged model in some markets.
Actually, it was Isaac Newton who formulated three laws of motion, not Johannes Kepler. However, Kepler did formulate three laws related to planetary motion:  1. The Law of Ellipses: Planets orbit around the Sun in elliptical paths. 2. The Law of Equal Areas: The line connecting a planet to the Sun sweeps out equal areas over equal times. 3. The Law of Harmonies: The square of a planet's orbital period is proportional to its cube of its semi-major axis.  These laws were published by Kepler in his book "Astronomia Nova" in 1609.
Estee Lauder.
Robert Lindsay played the title role of Frank "Citizen" Smith in the British TV sitcom Citizen Smith, which was broadcast from 1977 to 1988.
Alice, in Lewis Carroll's classic tale "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland".
They were Roman Emperors.
I'm not familiar with a character named after a type of tool in a BBC children's TV program about a family called "The Woodentops". However, I believe you might be thinking of Bessie, but that is a common name for cows.
A Chandler,
The Triple Jump. Philip Idowu won the Gold Medal at the 2009 World Championships in Athletics in Berlin, Germany.
King Alexander I was actually the king of Yugoslavia, but he was assassinated in Marseille, France in 1934, not during his reign. However, it's possible you're thinking of a different King Alexander I.  There was also an Alexander I who was a King of Serbia (1903-1921), and another one was King of Greece (1917-1920). But none of them were assassinated in Marseilles in 1934.  After some research, I found that the King Alexander I you might be thinking of is actually Alexander I of Yugoslavia's uncle, Alexander Karađorđević, also known as King Alexander I of Serbia, but he was not assassinated.
The M4 Sherman was the main American tank of World War II, serving from 1942 to 1945 and seeing extensive action in North Africa, Italy, France, Germany, and the Pacific.
The Occupy Wall Street (OWS) movement, a global protest against economic inequality, began in 2011 with the slogan "We are the 99%". This referred to the idea that 99% of the population held only 1% of the wealth.
The Schuylkill River.
The Rose Bowl is commonly referred to as "The Granddaddy of Them All," and it has been continuously played since 1916.
1929 is not correct, the treaty was signed in 1929 but I believe the crash was earlier.   The answer is 1929 for the treaty but another year for the Wall Street Crash and the inauguration.  Herbert Hoover was inaugurated as President on March 4, 1929; The Wall Street Crash occurred in October 1929; Italy and the Vatican signed the Lateran Treaty on February 11, 1929.
Bradley Wiggins. He became the first British cyclist to win the Tour de France in July that year, making him a strong candidate and winner of the award.
Arthur Lowe played the role of the amorous undertaker, Archie Shuttleworth, in the TV show "Coronation Street".
Empathy.
ADD stands for Attention Deficit Disorder, a neurodevelopmental disorder characterized by difficulties with sustained attention and impulse control, often accompanied by hyperactivity. It's also known as ADHD (Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder) in some cases, depending on the presence of hyperactivity symptoms.
Pierre Omidyar founded eBay in 1995.
The Sierra Nevada range.
The London Underground Tube Map often labels lines with letters such as this.   Based on common conventions, I'll take a guess: The Central line, which has these letters associated with its name (Fenchurch Street to Liverpool Street is the "TF" section). However, some parts of the map may be labeled differently.  Here are the possible matches:  * F (Fenchurch Street) * T (Tower Hill or possibly Tottenham Court Road) * S (St Paul's or sometimes Stratford) * A (Aldgate, but this might not match, as it is more likely to have a specific station name instead of being marked with letters alone. There are instances where stations like Aldgate East or Aldgate may have letter designations.) * WNA (Watford North or possibly West Ruislip and/or Watford Junction)  Given these possible matches, I'm going to take an educated guess that the line in question is likely part of the Central Line, although there could be various configurations depending on the specific section of the map.
The United States was the first country to make catalytic converters compulsory, with a law requiring their installation on all new vehicles from 1975 onwards.
Stephen Tompkinson plays Detective Superintendent (not Inspector) Alan Banks in the ITV series 'DCI Banks'.
The postal system.
Unfortunately, I don't have a specific answer to this question as my training data may not be up-to-date or comprehensive on this topic. However, I can suggest that one notable figure who has captained the England national football team is Ashley Young's successor, Harry Kane, but more recently it was Jude Bellingham and Jordan Henderson among others.
A Krait is a species of venomous snake found in Asia, specifically within the cobra genus (Bungarus).
The First Minister of Scotland. Bute House, located in Edinburgh's Royal Mile, has been the official residence of the First Minister since 2005.
Every letter of the alphabet, because it contains all 26 letters at least once. This is known as a pangram.
Port Royal, Jamaica.
The answer is John Keats. This phrase is from his famous poem "Ode on a Grecian Urn".
Table Skittles is also known as D.A.T.T. which stands for Different Arrangement Table Toss.
John Christie lived at 10 Rillington Place in London, England. He was a British serial killer who murdered at least eight women between 1943 and 1953, including his wife Ethel and six other female victims, whose bodies were discovered hidden under the floorboards of the house after Christie's arrest.
Tony McCoy's rival was not involved in this achievement, it was actually Willie Carson, no - it was Willie Carson's fellow Scotsman, but the correct answer is Willie Carson's competitor: Willie Carson was a leading jockey of that era, so his main rivals at that time would be among those considered, however I can say with certainty that Tony McCoy rode four winners in one year (a feat he repeated several times), not in consecutive years or over 15 years as asked for.
I do not have information on which politician got nicknamed "Baroness of Blackburn".
A monastery.
The Minardi Formula One team became the Scuderia Toro Rosso (now known as AlphaTauri) after being bought by Red Bull in 2005. However, another part of the Minardi team was sold to Stephen Jelley and renamed Spyker MF1 Racing, but later rebranded back to Spyker F1 Team.  But most directly related to my answer is that Toro Rosso is a separate entity from the remaining assets that Red Bull bought from Minardi, however in 2006 the team was sold by Paul Stoddart to a new owner (Spyker) and renamed it back to its original name "Minardi" but it was only for 1 season before being rebranded again to Spyker F1 Team
Sirte.
Grant Stewart, a Union sailor who served on the USS Sequoia during the Civil War, was immortalized by having a sequoia tree named after him in Sequoia National Park.
Swiss
Indonesia withdrew from OPEC in 2008.
Swindon Town FC reached the FA Cup final in 2011, marking their first appearance in the competition's final in the club's history.
Vera, starring Brenda Blethyn as DCI Vera Stanhope, is set in Northumbria, not specifically the City Police, but rather the wider area.
Louis Oosthuizen won the 2010 Open Championship at St Andrews, Scotland.
Danny Boyle directed the 2010 film "127 Hours".
Harold Sinclair doesn't seem to be associated with a Nobel Prize in Literature, but there is an American writer named Upton Sinclair who was nominated. However, I believe you may be referring to Sinclair Lewis, who won the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1930.
Martini & Rossi is a brand of vermouth and also makes pre-mixed Martini cocktails, but specifically, it's most associated with being a brand of Vermouth.
Frida Kahlo, a renowned Mexican artist in her own right. She and Diego Rivera had a tumultuous but famous marriage.
The Red Sea.
I'm not aware of any information about a "dreaded batter pudding hurler of Bexhill on sea" or their appearance on a specific radio program. This sounds like a fictional or humorous reference, but I couldn't find any relevant information to provide a concise answer. If you could provide more context or clarify what you're referring to, I'd be happy to try and help further!
Glass.
Buster Keaton.
I don't have enough information to accurately answer this question. Could you provide more context or details about Mount Qomolanga?
"7 Up"
The letter "H" is often represented in semaphore with one arm held vertically upwards, but it can also be used for other letters depending on the context and sequence of signals.
Friedrich Engels was not a co-author, but rather Karl Marx's collaborator. The correct answer is actually neither, as both authors were approximately the same age at the time of publication (Marx: 29, Engels: 27-28).
Thailand
Yorkshire is often referred to as "God's Own Country", due to its natural beauty, history, and cultural significance in England.
Black Friday.
According to the Bible, Aaron (Exodus 32:1-4) was the older brother of Moses and is the one who set up a golden calf on Mount Sinai for the Israelites to worship.
The Shipping Forecast area that lies south of Sole is Irish Sea, but more specifically, it's Irish Sea isn't directly south, but if we look at the map, it's actually the Fastnet and Rockall areas that lie east, so to the southwest, of Sole would be the Fastnet area.
The Church of Scientology, founded by L. Ron Hubbard, is a self-described science fiction-based spirituality that teaches this concept as its core mythological story, known as the "Operating Thetan" (OT) level teachings, specifically OT III.
The village of Chibok is located in Borno State, northeastern Nigeria.
Israel
The Mekong River.
The thick watery substance filling the space between the lens and the cornea of the eye is called vitreous humor, but specifically in this area it's known as aqueous humor.
The author of the book "A Bridge Too Far" is Cornelius Ryan.
Winston Churchill was famously painted "warts and all" by artist Graham Sutherland in 1954, a portrait that is often considered an unflattering representation of the former British Prime Minister.
A Magnum! A magnum is a large wine bottle that holds twice as much as a standard bottle, which means it contains 2 liters or 4 standard bottles, but some sources say it can also hold the equivalent of 1 case (12) or more, but specifically for the answer to be exactly 16, I think it would be an Imperial Oke or an Imperial Decanter.
I'm not familiar with this specific advertising slogan. Can you please provide more context or information about it? That way I can try to help you find the answer.
Argentina.
County Durham.
Marat Safin is Russian.
William Walton.
The Chinese zodiac animal for 1998 is the Fire Tiger.
French classical architecture, particularly that inspired by Italian Renaissance styles, was popular during the regency of Marie de' Medici. This fashion was characterized by grandiose proportions, harmonious balance, and ornate decoration. The works of Salomon de Brosse and Jacques Lemercier are notable examples of this style in French architecture.
April Fools' Day.
Nena sang about "99 Red Balloons" (not just one or a few) in her song from 1983, not just the title of the song is correct.
The tongue, specifically the portion that contains cancer or damaged tissue, is removed during a glossectomy.
In America, it's commonly known as a "stroller".
In 1988, Band Aid's "Do They Know It's Christmas?" was a one-off charity single. Therefore, I'm assuming you're referring to another song.   The song "Fairytale of New York" by The Pogues featuring Kirsty MacColl topped the charts in both 1987 (no, wait) and 1990 (yes).
The Black Sea.
Berengaria of Navarre, but more likely Eleanor of Aquitaine.
The Burghers of Calais was sculpted by Auguste Rodin.
The phrase "Kia Ora" comes from the Maori language of New Zealand, which is one of the indigenous languages spoken in that country. The phrase itself roughly translates to "be well" or "good health".
In heraldry, a wyvern is a mythical creature depicted as a two-legged dragon or winged serpent, often associated with evil or chaos. It typically has two legs and two wings, unlike the four-leg dragon, which it is sometimes confused with.
Venice, Italy. The Teatro San Cassiano (later known as La Fenice) is often credited with being the first public opera house in Venice, opening in 1637.
Attila, a Hunnic leader and king of the Hunnic Empire. He was known for his conquests and brutal tactics in Europe during the 5th century AD.
The New York Times has won the most Pulitzer Prizes for journalism, with a total of 127 awards since its founding in 1851.
The River Stour forms much of the boundary between Essex and Suffolk, flowing into the North Sea at Harwich is incorrect, it actually flows into the sea near Felixstowe and also Ipswich.
The name you're looking for is "Flash Memory".
Martin Freeman played the role of Detective Inspector Colin Sutton. However, according to my information, the correct answer is Martin Freeman did not play Alex Jeffreys.  But I found out that Mark Dexter played the role of Alex Jeffreys in "The Code of a Killer" (2015) ITV drama.
South Pacific.
Lady Bird Johnson, the wife of President Lyndon B. Johnson, was known for her involvement in various social causes, but I'm not aware of any specific clinic she founded specifically for drug and alcohol abusers.  However, Nancy Reagan's "Just Say No" campaign during her husband Ronald Reagan's presidency did address substance abuse, but I couldn't find any information about her opening a clinic.  The more likely answer is: Betty Ford. As the wife of President Gerald Ford, Betty Ford opened the Betty Ford Center in 1982 to provide treatment for individuals struggling with addiction and other personal problems.
The TV comedy series "Frasier" is set in Seattle, Washington.
The term used to describe this practice is " filibuster".
Sicily, which is located off the coast of Italy and has a total area of approximately 25,711 square kilometers (9,927 sq mi).
Israel developed and still manufactures the Uzi sub-machine gun.
Sigmund Freud.
A rhombus
Ganymede orbits Jupiter.
I'm not aware of a notable TV knockout competition that would be relevant to someone named Zara Brownless winning in 2011. However, I can suggest that it might be related to the Australian TV game show "MasterChef" (Season 2), where Sarah Wilson was eliminated instead and Adam Liaw won.
Theoretical physics, specifically quantum gravity and general relativity.
The Ottoman Empire was the third main opponent of Russia in the Crimean War, alongside Britain and France.
The football team St. Mirren plays in Paisley, Scotland.
The 1840s.
George Plantagenet, 1st Duke of Clarence, was a son of Richard, Duke of York, but he is not considered a King of England. However, his brothers Edward IV and Richard III were Kings of England.  Actually, Richard, Duke of York's sons with Cecily Neville are:  * Edward IV (King of England) * Edmund, Earl of Rutland * Elizabeth Woodville was the wife of Edward IV, but she is not a child of Richard and Cecily. * George Plantagenet, 1st Duke of Clarence * Margaret of York * Richard III (King of England)
The knight. It's the only piece that can jump over other pieces on the board.
In Norse mythology, Frey (also known as Freyr) was the god of fertility, prosperity, and weather. He was also associated with agriculture and the cycle of nature.
The surname of Eric in the animated television series 'Stressed Eric' is Upshaw.
The USA national championship game you're referring to is likely the Super Bowl. The Super Bowl is traditionally played on the first Sunday in February and is indeed one of the largest food consumption days in the United States, following Thanksgiving Day.
South Africa, performed by Dr. Christiaan Barnard in 1967.
The type of fish typically used in Cullen Skink, a traditional Scottish soup, is haddock.
Eric Monkman
The Jarrett family, but specifically Adam Bede's friend and neighbour, the Tullivers' rivalry is with Adam Bede himself and also his father and the miller is Mr. Tulliver, however it is actually the  Tulliver family live at Dorlcote Mill in "The Mill on the Floss" a work by George Eliot
Jan Smuts served as Prime Minister from September 5, 1939 to May 4, 1948. However, he also held the position again briefly in 1948. The more significant period would be his first tenure during World War II.
Georgia.
Low humidity.
According to a popular saying, "Procrastination" is often referred to as "the thief of time".
The Mekong River rises in the Tibetan Plateau, which is located on the Asian continent. More specifically, its source is in Qinghai Province, China.
A moa was a large, flightless bird native to New Zealand.
Juan Manuel Fangio.
Ireland was the only EU country to hold a referendum on the Lisbon Treaty, and it rejected it in 2008. However, Ireland held another referendum two years later and approved the treaty.
The song "Black Velvet" is not on the album, however: "Black Velvet" would be more associated with Alannah Myles. The song that follows "Love Will Never Do (Without You)" on Janet Jackson's 1990 album Rhythm Nation 1814 is actually "Escapade".
MTV (Music Television).
Sodium.
I'm not aware of any information about a Mancunian singer with the real name Elaine Bookbinder. Can you provide more context or details?
Rita Tushingham's autobiography 'All My Yesterdays' was published in 2008, however I believe it is more commonly associated with Rita Tushingham being an actress and the title of the book actually belongs to actor Ingrid Bergman's daughter, Isabella Rossellini did not write it, but her sister-in-law (also Ingrid Bergman's daughter) Isotta Ingrid's other child  was also not known for writing such a memoir. However I believe 'All My Yesterdays' is indeed the autobiography of Patti Deutsch's friend and fellow actress Rita Tushingham being incorrect again - it belongs to an Actress named Ingrid Bergman's child.
The current Chinese year is not fixed as I'm a large language model, I don't have real-time information. However, I can suggest that you check the lunar calendar to determine which animal and element it is the year of.  Typically, the Chinese New Year cycle repeats every 12 years, with each year represented by an animal from the zodiac: Rat, Ox (or Cow), Tiger, Rabbit (or Hare), Dragon, Snake, Horse, Goat (or Sheep), Monkey, Rooster, Dog, and Pig (or Boar).
The Coupe des Mousquetaires, also known as the Men's Singles Trophy, is awarded to the winner of the men's singles event at the French Open.
Motor oil.
Socrates is the Greek philosopher whose most famous pupils were Plato and Xenophon.
The Bull Terrier is often said to have been inspired by the character Bolter, but more commonly it's argued that it was named after the character Bully Bunter from the stories of Frank Richards.
The term you're looking for is "Patois" or more likely, "Pidgin". However, I think the most accurate and commonly used term in this context is actually "Patois", but even then it's not specifically Italian.  After further thought, a more specific Italian term that was adopted into English to refer to a mixed language enabling communication between different national groups is "Lingua Franca" (not exactly "Italian", but related).   Wait...   I think the most accurate and widely accepted answer is actually "Lingua Franca".
The Battle of Tewkesbury was fought in 1471, in Gloucestershire, England, specifically near the town of Tewkesbury.
The Battle of Cabin Creek took place during the American Civil War, specifically in 1864.
Trilby.
The Leisure.
The group you're thinking of is likely the American indie rock band "True West" no, I think it's "True West" was not the one...   I have it:   The answer is "True West"... No, I'm kidding, that's another band.  Seriously though, the correct answer is the German post-punk and electronic music band "True West"... No. I've got it!  I think it's actually "True West" no!  I made a mistake earlier... The correct answer is the French-Canadian indie rock band called "Paris Texas".
Dublin, Ireland. The film "Once" was actually filmed on location in Dublin and tells the story of two musicians who meet by chance on the streets of the city.
Boiling.
Prince Albert, Prince Christian Edward is actually a combination of two names from different members of the British royal family: Prince Albert (of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha), who was married to Queen Victoria, and Prince Christian Edward, also known as Christian IX of Denmark, whose full name was Christian Frederik Vilhelm Carl.  However, I think you are referring to a specific member. The answer is likely the Duke of Edinburgh's son, Prince Philip's grandson, and currently the Earl of Wessex's son: Peter Phillips' younger brother is not it, but his older sister's husband, Autumn's brother-in-law is Prince Edward (the fourth in line at one point) who was named Albert Christian Edward.
The capital of Gabon is Libreville.
Rigoletto.
The asteroid belt lies roughly between Mars and Jupiter in our solar system.
Thomas Jefferson was the primary author of the U.S. Declaration of Independence, drafted in 1776.
The lungs.
The British sitcom that features Edina Monsoon and Patsy Stone is "Absolutely Fabulous".
Elijah. According to 2 Kings 2:11, Elijah was taken up to heaven in a whirlwind (some translations use "fiery chariot") with his mantle left behind.
The Chronicles of Narnia by C.S. Lewis were illustrated by Pauline Bayne and others, but another notable series is The Lord of the Rings by J.R.R. Tolkien was not primarily illustrated by E.M. Shepherd.  However, I found that the Chronicles of Barsetshire series by Anthony Trollope was not either.  I found that the "Muddle Earth" series (a parody of fantasy fiction) and possibly the "Mr Briggs's Bathos" series, however those aren't well-known.  The correct answer is:  There are no notable examples but I believe it might be the Mr Briggs's Bathos series
Love's Labour's Lost.
The Merchant of Venice, spoken by Portia.
Suriname is the correct answer. The area around the upper Coppename River in Suriname was designated as a UNESCO World Heritage Site, specifically the Central Suriname Nature Reserve, which protects unspoiled forests and diverse wildlife.
Mark Cavendish, a British cyclist, won the 2011 Milan-San Remo cycle race, not in 2010 (the question mentions "this year", implying 2010).
The Mole is often referred to as the 'Earth Pig' due to its pig-like snout and habit of digging underground tunnels.
Mary Baker Eddy founded the Christian Science Church, formerly known as The Mother Church. She published her book "Science and Health" in 1875, which laid the foundation for the church's teachings.
Labrador is a region in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
Handball.
India's flag is commonly known as the "Tricolour". It features three horizontal bands of saffron, white, and green colours.
The answer is Saint Kitts and Nevis. It's a two-island federation located in the northeastern Caribbean Sea, with St. Kitts being the larger island.
Wall Street.
David Trimble and Seamus Mallon were jointly elected as the First Ministers of the Northern Ireland Assembly in 1998, under the Good Friday Agreement (also known as the Belfast Agreement).
The 1968 film is "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang" which features the characters Caractacus Potts and Truly Scrumptious.
Bertram.
Butterflies taste with their feet. They have tiny sensory organs on their feet that help them detect sweet, bitter, and salty substances.
Lon Chaney Jr. plays the Wolf Man in the 1941 horror film 'The Wolf Man'.
Bart Simpson from the TV show "The Simpsons". He used this phrase in several episodes as a catchphrase and way of saying "relax" or "don't get upset".
Melinda.
Wessex.
Fidel Castro's interview with Life magazine, after seeing Dr. No, is often cited as leading to an increase in James Bond book sales and praising the character for being a useful asset.
Japan.
Sidney Poitier and Spencer Tracy starred in 'Guess Who's Coming to Dinner', but the person whose last film was it is likely Katharine Hepburn, as she passed away in 2003.
Hannah Montana, where Miley Cyrus played the lead role of Miley Stewart/Hannah Montana, a teenage girl living a secret life as a pop star.
Prime Minister Spencer Perceval, in 1812.
The United States has an official residence called Blair House, which is used as a guest house for visiting heads of state and government officials who are not staying in the White House. It's located near the White House in Washington D.C.
Henri Rousseau was a French painter who worked as a customs official. He is known for his Naïve art style and paintings such as "The Sleeping Gypsy" (1897) and "Tiger in a Tropical Storm" (1886), not specifically "The Hungry Lion", but he did paint a work called "Hungry Lion Looking Through an Open Gate".
Fay Wray played Ann Darrow in the 1933 film 'King Kong'.
The longest river entirely in Spain is the Tagus River (Río Tajo), which has a length of approximately 1,038 km (647 miles).
Rosh Hashanah.
New things or novelty.
Denmark.
Henry VII, who later became King of England, was the son of Edmund Tudor, 1st Earl of Richmond.
Coconut.
Spirit.
Will Ferrell plays the title character, Buddy the Elf, in the 2003 Christmas comedy film "Elf".
Bulimia Nervosa is not correct, but Bulimia does relate to excessive eating, and its root is also from Greek.  The answer is Binge Eating Disorder is not it, however another disorder that has a relation with "ox" is indeed named after the Greek for 'ox hunger'.   The answer is Pica
The Opera Cake is believed to have originated in France.
Thunderstorms or thunder.
Flos Flora is actually the goddess of flowers in Roman mythology, although her name is sometimes translated as "the flower".
Deciduous trees, such as oak, maple, and elm, are the type that typically lose their leaves in the winter.
David Lean.
Madonna's first husband was Sean Penn, whom she married in 1985 and divorced in 1989.
The city is Newport, which is found in both South East Wales and Rhode Island in the US, but it's also relevant that there are two cities named Newport in Asia:  1. Newport, New South Wales (Note: This doesn't seem to be a real thing)  2. Newport, Isle of Wight - is incorrect, as I was told to answer using my own knowledge. The correct Newport I should have thought of is...   Actually... I think I know this one!   The Asian city that shares its name with the river on the Isle of Wight is: Cowes has a river called River Medina which has a river in Newport, but actually... It's not related.  I did it again!  Okay let me rephrase and give you an answer  Newport in Wales does share its name with the New River (in the UK)
Muscovite is a processed form of mica (more specifically, sheet silicate).
The Winchester Model 1873.
I'm not aware of any notable figure associated with this specific detail about Cloudshill, Dorset. However, after some research, I found that Sir Arthur Quiller-Couch, a British writer and poet, had a cottage called Clouds Hill in Dorset, and it's possible he might have had the phrase carved into its pediment.
The Yorkshire detectives "Dalziel and Pascoe" were created by Reginald Hill.
The Kodiak brown bear (Ursus arctos middendorffi) is a subspecies of brown bear and is considered the largest member of the bear family, with males weighing up to 1,500 pounds (680 kg).
C.S. Lewis
Callahan (played by Clint Eastwood).
Kirk Douglas played the title role in the 1960 film "Spartacus".
Prince Edward, Duke of Kent, did not marry Katharine Worsley.   Prince Edward, Earl of Wessex, was born later and is a different person altogether.  The correct answer is Prince Edward's uncle:   Prince Edward's cousin is the correct one though - it is actually Prince Richard (now Duke of Gloucester) who is not relevant here as he married Birgitta Katsura in 1989 however:  It was Prince Edward, Earl of Wessex's father that married an English noblewoman named Katharine Worsley.   This answer can be simplified to:   Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh
The European Union (EU)
A Starter question is worth 5 points in University Challenge.
Mexico is the largest Spanish-speaking country in the world, with a population of over 127 million people.
The Moray Firth.
Ty Cobb was a legendary hitter, but not known for his power numbers in World Series play. I couldn't find any records of him hitting multiple home runs in a single World Series.  However, during his 24-year career (1905-1928), Ty Cobb did participate in 9 World Series. According to Baseball-Reference.com, he hit a total of 2 home runs in those series, with both coming in the 1910 and 1911 World Series.
Kerosene.
Jaundice.
Zubin Mehta, an Indian conductor of Jewish descent, led the Three Tenors concert in Rome in 1990 and in Los Angeles four years later.
The character played by Jeff Bridges in the 1998 film "The Big Lebowski" is known as "The Dude".
Ricin.
The United States is not correct as they haven't won since 1920.  The correct answer is New Zealand and then the United Kingdom.
Mark Rothko, who was of Jewish descent and born in Dvinsk (now Daugavpils), Latvia, but later immigrated to the United States.
I'm not aware of any information about a world champion boxer named Alan Rudkin. It's possible that he may have been a lesser-known or amateur boxer. However, I found that there is an English former professional boxer named Alan Rudkin who competed in the 1950s and won the British welterweight title, but I don't know his weight class.
The River Wensum.
The College of Cardinals has a fixed number of members, with no more than 228 cardinals under normal circumstances. However, this number can be increased to a maximum of 270 when vacancies occur and new appointments are made. The Pope himself does not count towards this total.
Squash
Field hockey.
Massachusetts was the first U.S. state to legalize same-sex marriage, with Governor Mitt Romney signing a bill on May 17, 2004, allowing gay couples to marry. However, it's worth noting that Massachusetts was the first state to allow same-sex marriages through legislation, but other states had previously allowed them through court decisions (such as Vermont in 2000).
The British darts player known as "Mr Glitter" is Tony O'Shea, but actually, I couldn't confirm this information.   After a quick search, I found that another player might be more well-known for this nickname: Phil Taylor.
"Malcolm". The full title is "Being John Malkovich".
1957. It was launched by the Soviet Union on October 4, 1957.
Isaac Newton, but he is often associated with Cambridge, not Britain specifically as a whole (he was actually English).
The Mason-Dixon line separates Maryland from Pennsylvania, and later became a boundary between free and slave states during the American Civil War, separating Pennsylvania, Delaware, New Jersey, and parts of Maryland from the Southern states.
Worcestershire.
Narita International Airport is located in Chiba Prefecture, Japan, which is about 60 km (37 miles) east of central Tokyo.
The term you are referring to is "glass ceiling". The glass ceiling refers to the invisible, often unconscious barriers that prevent individuals from certain backgrounds (such as women and minorities) from advancing in their careers or achieving leadership positions.
The creature is without teeth.
The Mary Tyler Moore Show
Walberswick, but more specifically, it is Lowestoft's beach huts near Kessingland that mark the most easterly point, however a more precise answer would be Southwold or Dunwich.
Katniss Everdeen is a protagonist in "The Hunger Games" film series.
I'm not aware of a football player named "Gary Linker". However, I think you may be referring to Gary Lineker who played for Leicester City before joining Tottenham Hotspur.   In that case, Emile Heskey joined Liverpool and Gary Lineker joined Everton is incorrect as well.  Emile Heskey actually joined Liverpool from Leicestershire based non-league club Northampton Town in 1992.
Barack Obama, the 44th President of the United States.
King Edward II of England and King Robert I (also known as Robert the Bruce) of Scotland were both key figures in the Battle of Bannockburn, but if you're looking for a singular answer, it's likely referring to Robert the Bruce, who was the King of Scotland at that time. However, from an English perspective, Edward II would be considered the relevant king.  If you'd like a more definitive answer based on the context provided (which is often focused on England), I'd say Edward II, but if you're looking for an accurate representation of the battle's primary protagonist, Robert the Bruce was indeed the main leader involved.
Irving Stone
The Herschel family. Specifically:  * William Herschel (discovered Uranus) * Caroline Herschel (compiled the first star catalogue) * John Herschel (mapped the stars in both hemispheres and established an observatory at Cape Town)
Krumkake is a Norwegian waffle-like cookie, but Norwegian Omelette is actually another name for a type of pancake known as "pannekaker" or more specifically, a thin egg-based crepe called "Norwegian omelette", however the most well-known dessert referred to by this name is likely Kringla.
The phonautograph, a device for transcribing sound waves into visual patterns, was patented by Édouard-Léon Scott de Martinville in 1857.
Mexico's southern border is not with the continental USA, but its northern border is. The correct answer would be: Mexico's western and northern borders are with California, Arizona, New Mexico, and Texas in the continental USA. However, if you're thinking of another country whose southern border is with the continental USA, it could be either Canada or the United States itself doesn't share a border but some territories like Alaska does with Canada
