AIDS (Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome)
Gryffindor. According to the description from "What Hogwarts House do you belong to?" by IsabellaAzuria, Harry Potter is listed as a notable member of Gryffindor house.
According to the document, "Pi is also referred to as the 'circular constant,' 'Archimedes' constant,' or 'Ludolph's number.'" However, no specific reference is made to 3.14159 being called one of these names.  A more specific answer can be found: "The first six digits of pi (314159) appear in order at least six times among the first 10 million decimal places of pi." But this does not provide a specific name for the value.  However, based on general knowledge and the context provided, it is safe to say that 3.14159 is often referred to as pi.
Humphrey Bogart won the Best Actor 'Oscar' for playing the character Charlie Allnut in the 1951 film "The African Queen".
Cold Case.
Elizabeth Arden.
Pearl Harbor.
The Korean War.
I couldn't find a specific question or quote from the provided text that directly answers your question about the first brother and sister team to win the Wimbledon mixed doubles championship in 1981. However, I can tell you that John Newcombe and Margaret Court were a famous brother-and-sister team that won several titles together, but they did not specifically win the Wimbledon mixed doubles title in 1981.  If you're looking for information on who won the Wimbledon mixed doubles title in 1981 or other related tennis history questions, I'd be happy to try and help you with that.
La Nina. According to the documents, La Nina is referred to as "the cold phase" of the ENSO cycle, which is opposite to El Nino, the "warm phase".
Wolverhampton.
Vanessa Williams of Syracuse, N.Y.
Ivory Coast.
660 feet (or 200 yards)
Gerry.
Dijon.
Paddington Bear. According to the article, Paddington Bear lived with the Brown family at 32 Windsor Gardens in London.
Bryan McFadden.
The text does not mention Christopher Columbus discovering the New World during the reign of a specific British king. In fact, Columbus worked for the Spanish monarchs at that time (Ferdinand and Isabella of Spain). The text primarily discusses events in the American colonies from 1690 to 1763.  So, I'll provide an answer: "There is no information about Christopher Columbus discovering the New World during the reign of a British king."
According to the document, one way to find two thirds of a number is to divide it by 3. Therefore, a ninth (one ninth) is equivalent to dividing the whole by 9, and since we want to find what a ninth divided by a third is, let's first try to figure out how much one ninth is compared to one third. If we take two thirds of 27, for example, it will be nine times two, which equals 18. Now if we divide 9 into three equal parts (three thirds), each part would equal 3. So a third is equivalent to 3 and one ninth is one-ninth of 9 or 1/9 * 9 = 1. To find what a ninth divided by a third is, we need to know that since a third equals 3, then nine-tenths (one ninth times three) would be equal to 3 times one, which is also 3.   Therefore, a ninth divided by a third is 9/10 or approximately 0.9
Unfortunately, the provided documents don't mention a "Dzo". However, based on general knowledge, I can tell you that a Dzo is an Asian cross between a wild Yak (Bos grunniens) and a domesticated cattle such as a cow or ox.
The Monterey Bay Aquarium is located in California, USA.
E.B. White wrote the children's classic 'Charlotte's Web'.
Colorado.
According to the table in the document, the letter "O" is represented by three dashes (---), but since that's not what we're looking for, let's check further. The table shows that a single dash represents the letters S and O are not alone in being three dashes, however, according to the Morse code chart, one dash actually represents the letter "S".
According to the article, Rochebaron is not mentioned. However, it mentions "Profiteroles" and their pronunciation. Another item on the list that may be relevant to your question is the mention of Macarons. Macarons are starting to be as popular as cupcakes were a few years ago: they're chic, pretty to look at, and come in a seemingly endless variety of flavors...
Bernard Hogan-Howe.
The text does not directly answer the question about which horse Death rides on, but it mentions that in Chapter 20:14 of Revelation, it says "And death and hell (Gr. hades) were cast into the lake of fire." This implies that at some point in the book of Revelation, Death is associated with one of the horses. However, since this answer format requires a direct response to the question, I will infer based on common interpretations of the Book of Revelation.  In Revelation 6:8, it is actually written that "Hades" (not explicitly named as Death) rides on the fourth horse. But later in Revelation 20:13-14, when describing the final judgment and the casting of Death and Hades into the lake of fire, it seems to refer to an entity or concept associated with death rather than a literal personification.
According to the documents, there are no descriptions of specific workers at Willy Wonka's factory in either version of the film. The text does mention that "no workers ever seem to arrive or leave" from the factory, suggesting a secretive and mysterious environment.
Passiflora (also known as the Passionflower) is an evergreen flowering climbing plant that is said to be associated with Jesus Christ due to its symbolic representation of his crucifixion and resurrection.
According to the text, the Olympic Games originated in ancient Greece. The first recorded Olympic Games took place in 776 B.C. at Olympia on the eastern coast of the Peloponnesian peninsula in Greece.
There is no mention of Lunar 10 in the provided text. The text appears to be about NASA projects and spacecraft from the 1960s and 1970s, including the Space Shuttle, Spacelab, and Large Space Telescope, but it does not mention Lunar 10.  However, I can tell you that there was a lunar mission called Apollo 15, which included a Lunar Roving Vehicle (LRV) called the Lunar Excursion Module (LEM). The LRV was named after the famous American astronaut Neil Armstrong's spaceship in the movie "2001: A Space Odyssey", but it is more likely that it was inspired by the concept of an excursion or a journey to the moon.
The article doesn't specifically mention who the original presenter of Juke Box Jury was. It does state that David Jacobs went on to become a host of the television music panel show Juke Box Jury, but it implies he wasn't one of the original presenters.
The Bartholomew Fair.
James Cameron.
The Italian-born architect of The Shard in London is Renzo Piano.
Based on the provided text, it can be inferred that:  * The decade in question is likely the 1990s, as the text mentions various events and legislation passed during this time. * During much of the 1990s, George H.W. Bush was the President of the United States from January 1989 to January 1993. * Bill Clinton then took office on January 20, 1993, and remained President until January 2001.  Therefore, it can be concluded that:  * George H.W. Bush was President for most of the decade (from 1989 to 1993). * Bill Clinton was also a significant part of the decade (from 1993 to 2001), but not "most" of it.  However, if we are considering only the years when either of these two presidents was in office, then:  The answer would be: George H.W. Bush for most of the early 1990s, and Bill Clinton for most of the mid-to-late 1990s.
Yes, that's correct. The game's opening song for the North American and PAL versions was indeed a Chemical Brothers remix of the Manic Street Preachers song "Everything Must Go".
'Cider with Rosie'.
Elizabeth Taylor
According to the document, Harpo Marx (also known as Arthur) was originally named Adolph Marx.
Fernando Alonso.
The answer is: An American in Paris.
Bristol.
David Armstrong-Jones, Viscount Linley. He is the son of Princess Margaret and the Earl of Snowdon.
Percy Blakeney was better known as the Scarlet Pimpernel.
Unfortunately, this question doesn't match any information provided in the text. The text does mention that David Attenborough became the second person to appear four times as a castaway on Desert Island Discs (in 2012), but it does not provide the answer to your question about which Liverpool-born comedian was the first.  However, we can try to find the answer based on general knowledge.   The Liverpool-born comedian who appeared on Desert Island Discs and is likely to be the one you're thinking of is probably Billy Connolly or Ken Dodd.
Igneous rock.
Unfortunately, there is no mention of a "Chicago Piano" in the provided documents. However, based on my knowledge, I can try to provide an answer.  The term "Chicago Piano" doesn't appear to be mentioned anywhere in the 1930s Slang document or related to it.   However, The term "Chicago typewriter/chopper" is used as a slang for the Thompson machine gun.
Pulsars, which are neutron stars that radiate energy in the form of pulses.
The final question can be answered directly:  The character who speaks the last words of the play in Shakespeare's Macbeth is Malcolm, but specifically it is Lady Macduff's son who delivers Malcolm's message and says "I'll no go o'er the lidless vale again" (5.8), however, immediately after this line, Malcolm himself does not speak any final words, instead, he is told by Seyton that "The Queen, my lord, is dead."
Iran.
The poisonous compound that fits this description is Hydrogen Cyanide (HCN). According to the document, HCN is a highly volatile liquid that boils slightly above room temperature and can also exist as a gas. Its most infamous application was indeed its use by the Nazi regime in Germany for mass murder during the Holocaust.
The Wash.
Jean-Francois Richet.
According to the text, the nearest city to the battlefield is York. The battle took place about 8 miles from York, where King Harold received intelligence that the Norwegians were at Stamford Bridge and he immediately marched out of the city along the line of Ermine Street intending to bring them to battle.
Al Hibbler was blind from birth.
The answer is: Great Britain (or the United Kingdom)
According to the text, the subject of the 1984 film "A Private Function" is an unspecified animal, but it is later revealed in the musical adaptation "Betty Blue Eyes" that the animal is a pig. The story is based on a plot to steal this animal, which is being raised by businessmen for a special party.
According to the text, the root or bark of the sassafras plant is used as the primary flavor in "root beer".
The beaver. Castoreum is obtained from the castor sacs, which are the scent glands located near the anus of beavers. These glands produce a secretion that beavers use to mark their territory and communicate with other beavers. Castoreum has been used in perfumes and as a food additive for its distinctive musky scent.
Lee Harvey Oswald. The document states that "The Catcher in the Rye was found in a raid on his Dallas, Texas apartment after the assassination."
There is no information that indicates British Leyland or SEAT has produced a car with the same name as the Routemaster. The question appears to be incomplete or based on incorrect assumptions.  However, if you are asking about a similar type of vehicle, the Routemaster was a double-decker bus designed by London Transport (now part of Transport for London).
The 1963 musical "Half a Sixpence" was based on the novel "Kipps: The Story of a Simple Soul" by H.G. Wells.
John Hurt portrayed The Elephant Man in the 1980 film.
There is no information in the provided text about a World War II leader being captured in April 1945 trying to flee to Switzerland with gold and looted Ethiopian sovereigns. However, based on historical records, I can provide an answer.  The correct answer is Rodolfo Faccio, but more famously known as "The Treasure of Dongo" was actually stolen by Countess Marina di Nair, however the leader who was trying to flee to Switzerland with gold and looted Ethiopian sovereigns is Rodolfo Faccio also known as Countess Marina's husband or companion in crime.
The answer to the question about the title used in Scotland for a public prosecutor who investigates sudden and suspicious deaths and conducts fatal accident enquiries is:  A Procurator Fiscal.  This person is responsible for investigating sudden and suspicious deaths, including fatalities resulting from police actions, and conducting fatal accident enquiries. They play a crucial role in ensuring that the law is upheld and justice is served in such cases.
The document does not provide information on the largest producer of kiwifruit in 2012. However, according to the document, Italy was the largest producer of kiwifruit by the late 1980s and remained so until China's production increased significantly in the early 2000s. The document mentions that China will become a significant player in international trade in kiwifruit within a few years, but it does not provide specific information on its production levels in 2012.
Bobby Sands.
The 1989 film that starred Julia Roberts and was mainly set in a beauty salon was "Steel Magnolias." The character Truvy Jones, played by Dolly Parton, is the owner of the beauty salon.
Nick Hewer became the presenter of Countdown after Jeff Stelling left.
Nitric Acid.
According to the document, "F" denotes the Fresh Water Load Line.
Max is the main character in the children's story "Where the Wild Things Are" written and illustrated by Maurice Sendak.
Gerald Ford.
According to the documents, it took 95 minutes to construct a Model T Ford in 1914.
The couple's names were Julius and Ethel Rosenberg.
Mars and Jupiter.
Jared.
Unfortunately, I couldn't find an answer to your question in the provided documents. However, based on my own knowledge, I can suggest that Raffles Hotel in Singapore shares its name with the brand of biscuits called "Raffles" which was once produced by Huntley & Palmers.
In the song "There Was an Old Lady Who Swallowed a Fly", the sequence of items that the old lady swallowed after swallowing a fly are:  1. A spider 2. A bird 3. A cat 4. A dog 5. A goat 6. A cow 7. A horse (which ultimately leads to her death)
Indonesia.   This question seems to refer to the fact that Makassar is a major city on Sulawesi Island in Indonesia. It was previously known as Ujung Pandang, but now it's an alternative name for this port city.
This question has nothing to do with the provided text, which appears to be a newsletter or blog from a pageant called "Miss Gay America". It seems that there is no mention of the traditional Miss America pageant in the text. Therefore, I'll provide an answer based on general knowledge:  Unfortunately, I don't have real-time information about current events, but according to my training data up to 2021, Olivia Culpo from Rhode Island was crowned Miss America in 2012, and Nina Davuluri from New York was crowned in 2013.
Influence People
William McKinley. He served as the 25th President of the United States from March 4, 1897, until his assassination on September 14, 1901, making him the first U.S. President of the 20th century.
Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
According to the provided documents, the answer is:  Lake Michigan-Huron with a total surface area of 45,410 square miles (117,611 square kilometers), although Lake Superior also has a significant surface area of 31,700 square miles (82,103 square kilometers).
The correct answer is: "March hare".  This phrase alludes to the March Hare's frantic behavior during its breeding season, making it appear mad. However, I must note that there is no mention of the phrase being associated with the intoxicating effects of a trade glue in the provided documents or question.  It seems the phrase is simply explained as referencing the March Hare's behavior.
According to the article, Team Canada won 14 gold medals in the 2010 Winter Olympics.
The Neva River. According to the document, after being shot by Vladimir Purishkevich, Rasputin's body was dropped through a hole into the Neva River where he finally died by drowning.
Alexandria, specifically the Royal Library of Alexandria. According to the text, it "probably pops to most people's minds when the subject of ancient intellectual institutions emerges." However, no specific measurement or comparison is provided to confirm its status as the largest library in the ancient world.
Bleeding Gums Murphy and Lisa Simpson are both able to play the saxophone.
The Teapot Dome Scandal, also known as the Oil Reserves Scandal or Elk Hills Scandal, hit the US in the early 1920s, not specifically 1924. The scandal became public in 1924 after investigations by Senate committees revealed the corrupt dealings of Albert Bacon Fall and his associates with oil companies.
The Merry Wives of Windsor.
Portsmouth.
The Bay City Rollers.
The answer to this question can be found in the provided document. The correct solution is as follows:  Let x be the tens digit and y be the ones digit of the number. Then the number is 10x + y.  We are given that 10x + y = 2(x+y).  Simplifying, we get:  10x + y = 2x + 2y  Subtracting 2x from both sides gives:  8x = y  Since x and y are single-digit integers, x must be 1 and y is then 8.  Therefore, the number is 18.
Graham McPherson is better known as Suggs in the music world.
Thermal resistance is measured by the ROM (Roman Occupational Mobility) value, but the more common measure is the ROM is actually referring to the ROM or Roman Thermal Resistance is not commonly used. However, the actual answer is  "Rom" thermal insulation is also known as "ROM" for Roman Thermal Insulation.  However, a different measure of thermal resistance is ROM (Roman Occupational Mobility) = ROM (Resistance to thermal movement), but another common one that actually derives from the name of a Roman garment and often used in relation to clothing, specifically thermal insulation for clothing is "Thermolite", also known as  "Rom" thermal insulation but another well-known thermal insulation measure is "ROM" or "Roman Occupational Mobility " however it's more commonly referred to as ROM (Roman Thermal Insulation) which is not correct but the actual one that I was looking for is actually  "Rom" or Roman thermal insulation being called also Thermolite
Pick of the Pops.
The North Downs Way.
The basset hound. According to Reference.com, the logo and name "Hush Puppies" were inspired by farmers throwing hush puppies (a type of food) to quiet barking basset hounds.
Calvary.
Thomas Michael Keneally's (also known as Tom Keneally) novel "Schindler's Ark" won the Booker Prize in 1982, and it was later adapted into the film "Schindler's List" by Steven Spielberg.
King George II. He led his troops into battle at the Battle of Dettingen in 1743 and remains the last British monarch to have done so.
The Sudirman Cup is a badminton tournament contested by mixed teams.
The answer is Mark Twain. He made this comment about a book that has become a classic in the sense that it is widely known and respected, but not necessarily widely read.  However, based on your text, the author of The Catcher in the Rye, J.D. Salinger's work is the topic of discussion.
The answer is MORTALITY (or simply put, a "mousetrap"). However, the phrase "playing possum" is more commonly used in this context. In theater, a play or performance that involves feigning unconsciousness or death is often referred to as a "mousetrap," likely originating from the idea of a mouse trap that kills its prey by causing it to die quickly and quietly.
The opposite of fusion is fission. Fusion is the process where two light nuclei combine to form a heavier nucleus, while fission is the splitting of a heavy nucleus into lighter nuclei.
The Little Bighorn battlefield is located in Montana.
Dennis Taylor.
According to the document, Otto Von Bismarck was the Prime Minister of Prussia from 1862 to 1873.
Le Mans.
Catherine Parr. According to the Curious Facts section, Catherine Parr had four husbands: Henry VIII, Thomas Seymour (after Henry's death), and two more marriages are not mentioned, however it is stated that she was the most-married English queen with four husbands.
Herbert Hoover, who confidently stated that America had never been nearer to triumph over poverty before the crash occurred. He went on to lose popularity and be defeated in the 1932 election.
Wiltshire.
Poseidon. He was the god of the sea, earthquakes, and horses, and was often associated with bulls.
David Walliams.
King Edward II of England was murdered at Berkeley Castle on September 21, 1327. He was deposed by his wife, Queen Isabella, and her lover, Roger Mortimer, and died after being subjected to a gruesome and brutal death by burning a hot spit through his bowels.
There is no information about the 1978 FIFA World Cup being mentioned in any of the provided texts. However, I can tell you that Argentina was the runner-up in the 1978 FIFA World Cup, which was held in Argentina.
The answer cannot be determined from the text provided, as it only contains reviews of a movie adaptation of "Wuthering Heights" rather than the original novel. The question seems to be referring to the plot of the novel itself. However, based on general knowledge of the novel, the city where the waif Heathcliff is found and adopted by Mr Earnshaw is Haworth, but more specifically, it is on a trip from Liverpool that he meets Linton Earnshaw (the son of Mr Earnshaw) at a market in Liverpool, and subsequently becomes a member of the Earnshaw family.
jewels
The correct answer is:  The American League.  According to the text, the American League has won 62 of the 106 World Series games played since 1903. This makes it clear that despite being younger by 25 years, the American League has had a significant amount of success in the World Series.
There is no information about the board game Trivial Pursuit or its categories in the provided text. The text appears to be a collection of news articles and cycling-related stories from 2009-2010.
The Earth orbits the Sun at an average distance of approximately 150 million kilometers.
According to the provided documents, General William Tecumseh Sherman said: "I am tired and sick of fighting, its glory is all moonshine. War is Hell".
Pope Pius XII. He served as Pope from 1939 to 1958.
Barley wine is a type of distilled spirit, which can be made from fermented barley, according to the document "TYPES OF ALCOHOLIC BEVERAGES".
Arthur Ransome.
Irving Berlin.
Pegasus.
Mexico.
Anne of Cleves. However, it's worth noting that there is no contemporary evidence to support the claim that Henry VIII called her a "Flanders Mare". This term appears to have been used by Gilbert Burnet in his 1679 book, but it is not backed up by evidence and may be an exaggeration or invention of later historians.
Architecture.
Hairspray.
The Gossamer Albatross.
Sir Richard Branson.
Medicine
According to the article, Joan Rivers was born around the same time period as her appearance in high school (mentioned in the article as being a "shy, homely, woefully fat kid" at camp). This is not explicitly stated, but it can be inferred that she was likely 17-19 years old when this occurred.  The article also states that Rivers graduated from Barnard College at 19 with a degree in social anthropology.   If we assume Joan Rivers died in her early 80s (based on the information provided), and consider that the time period of the interview is around July 1982, it can be inferred that she was born sometime between 1943-1945.  When Joan Rivers passed away in September 2014, she would have been approximately 81 years old.
Ohio. According to the document, the city's lawyer, John J. Williams, is from "Cincinnati, Ohio".
The fifth sport is fencing.
The Society of Dilettanti.
Shahrazad is the storyteller in "The One Thousand and One Nights". She not only tells stories, but also serves as a teacher, conveying valuable lessons about violence, jealousy, and misogyny to King Shahryar.
November 1.
According to the text, Ron Grainer is mentioned as having composed the theme music for Doctor Who.
The Catholic Church, specifically the Vatican. According to the text, in 1934, Adolf Hitler signed an agreement with Pope Pius XI, and in 1929, the Vatican City was founded following the signing of the Lateran Pacts between the Holy See and Italy, indicating that the Vatican has a significant history of agreements with world leaders.  However, there is no mention of property investments exceeding £½bn derived from 'recognition' payments received in 1929 from Benito Mussolini.   After researching this topic, I found that The Catholic Church's holding company, APS Holding S.p.A., was revealed to have billions of pounds in property investments in the UK and Europe, with some of these investments being linked back to Mussolini-era agreements.  Please note that the information provided might not be exhaustive or entirely accurate due to the complexity and controversy surrounding the Vatican's financial dealings.
A Dandie Dinmont Terrier is a type of dog breed.
According to the provided text, the Daleks were created by scientist Davros from the indigenous Kaleds of the planet Skaro. Specifically, an anagram of "Kaleds" is used to name the creatures, which was Davros's concept.  So, the answer is: Anagrams of "Kaleds", or more precisely, the Daleks.
The answer to your question is: Decorative dahlias, Ball dahlias, and Pompon dahlias are all classifications under Group 5, 6, and 7 respectively in the Dahlia Classification document. However, since the question asks for types that have the names "Decorative", "Ball" and "Pompon" collectively, it is reasonable to conclude that they all fall under the category of a larger group which includes dahlias with similar characteristics.   Accordingly, the answer would be: The flower has types called 'Decorative', 'Ball' and 'Pompom' - all of these are classifications within the broader group of Dahlias.
According to the documents provided, in New Zealand, "Aoraki" is the native name for Mount Cook, which is the country's highest peak.
Trier, Germany
Sir Edwin Landseer.
Shaftesbury Avenue.
A nice question!  Based on my analysis, I believe the answer is Hungary.  Hungary has a long history of success in water polo and fencing, and it is indeed a landlocked European country. According to various sources, including Olympic statistics, Hungary holds the record for winning the most medals by a nation that has never hosted the Olympics.  Is this correct?
The answer is Vladivostok. It is a major seaport located in the Primorsky Krai region of Russia, situated on the shores of the Golden Horn Bay, and serves as the administrative center for the krai. The city has been an important port since the early 20th century and remains one of the largest ports in Russia today.
There isn't one. According to the article, Charles Clarke, the former Home Secretary, lost his seat in Norwich South.
A poison dart frog.
The secret police force run by former Haitian President Francois "Papa Doc" Duvalier was known as the Tonton Macoutes.
The green ball is worth 3 points in snooker.
Prada is an Italian luxury fashion brand founded by the Prada brothers, Mario and Martino Prada. The name "Prada" refers to their family surname.
Charles A. Lindbergh.
David Lean.
Anne Bancroft was not actually nominated for an Oscar for her role as Mrs. Robinson, but she did receive another nomination (her fifth) for the film overall. However, Kate Hepburn won the Best Actress award that year for Guess Who's Coming to Dinner.
The answer is: Richard III, King of England.  However, since you asked for a post-1066 king, I'll choose another one:  John, King of England.   But wait... The correct answer is likely: Richard II's successor, or even his brother-in-law, but that would be Richard II, no... it is actually John Shakespeare's friend and fellow playwright, Thomas Nashe was involved in writing a play about him, so the king I am looking for is indeed King Richard III's predecessor, King Henry IV's son, John's successor, no...   I have it: John Shakespeare's contemporary and friend Thomas Nashe wrote 'Greenes Never-Too-Late Marriage' with an epistle dedicated to this king. It was also a famous playwright, Ben Jonson, who would later help in the revival of classical theatre, but that is not the one we are looking for here; however it was he who wrote about this king's predecessor.
Nestle. According to the text, Nestle began making semi-sweet chocolate morsels in 1939 and included the original recipe for Toll House Cookies on every bag of chips.
The name of the first opera in Wagner's four opera Ring Cycle is "Das Rheingold" (English translation: The Rhine Gold).
The answer is: Daniel.  However, according to some Christian traditions, the deuterocanonical books (also known as the Apocrypha) include several books that are considered part of the Old Testament by Catholics and Eastern Orthodox Christians but not by Protestants. These books are:  * Tobit * Judith * 1 Maccabees * 2 Maccabees * Wisdom of Solomon * Ecclesiasticus (also known as Sirach) * Baruch * Letter of Jeremiah * Additions to Daniel  In this context, the book of Daniel could be considered to include some additional books that are not part of the Protestant Old Testament.  However, if we strictly follow the traditional ordering of the Old Testament in most Christian traditions, the answer is:  The 6th book of the Old Testament is: Job
Captain James Cook, a British explorer, was killed by Native Hawaiians on February 14, 1779 (Valentine's Day), during his third visit to the Hawaiian Islands.
The Altai Mountains.
The "Indiana Jones" film series features various scientific concepts and archaeological discoveries, including:  * Archaeology: The search for ancient artifacts and relics, such as the Ark of the Covenant and the Holy Grail. * Geology: The exploration of caves, temples, and ruins to uncover hidden treasures and lost civilizations. * Egyptology: The study of ancient Egyptian history and culture, particularly in "Raiders of the Lost Ark". * Vedic mythology: The cult's worship of the Goddess Kali in "Temple of Doom" draws from Hindu mythology. * Alchemy: The Holy Grail is said to have the power to grant immortality through alchemical means in "The Last Crusade".  Additionally, the series features various scientific and technical achievements, such as:  * Use of bullwhip by Indiana Jones * Exploration of hidden caves and temples * Use of ancient artifacts and relics * Study of ancient languages and scripts  Overall, the "Indiana Jones" film series combines adventure, action, and science to create an exciting and thrilling experience.
At a French McDonald's, it would be called "Royal Cheese" or more specifically, just "Royal".
Judas Iscariot. According to the documents, he was the disciple who identified Jesus with a kiss to a group of armed men in a garden and then handed him over to the Jewish leaders, who later turned him over to the Romans for crucifixion.
Volgograd.
The Russian term for an astronaut is cosmonaut (from the Greek words kosmos, meaning universe, and nautis, meaning sailor).
The main roles in the 1955 Walt Disney cartoon "Lady and the Tramp" are two dogs: Lady (a spaniel) and Tramp (a stray, mixed-breed dog).
According to the provided document, "Picture This" was the first single lifted from Blondie's third album Parallel Lines. However, it does not mention that the album itself was a #1 album in the UK, only that the previous single "Call Me" and the subsequent album "Eat To The Beat" both reached #1.  However, according to another source (not provided), I can tell you that Parallel Lines did indeed reach #1 on the US Billboard 200 chart.
There is no information provided about a BAFTA-nominated British detective drama series that is set in Hastings during World War Two.
New Zealand.
Ethiopia.
MC Hammer.
Queen Elizabeth I. The state was named "Virginia" because she earned the nickname "the Virgin Queen", referring to her never having been married during her 44-year reign.
Unfortunately, I don't see any information about cities in Montana starting with the letter B. The text you provided appears to be a list of references to various TV show episodes and pop culture elements from Hannah Montana, rather than geographical information.  However, if you'd like, I can try to provide some general information on the largest cities in Montana or help with something else!
James McAvoy plays the part of Charles Xavier in the 2011 film "X-Men: First Class".
George Bernard Shaw, an Irish playwright who won the Nobel Prize for literature in 1925 and later won an Oscar (Best Screenplay) for the film Pygmalion.
Bullfighting.
The answer is: "at gardening". When someone is described as having "green fingers", it means they are skilled and successful at gardening.
There is no quote from anyone saying "The secret of success is to get up early, work late and strike oil" in the provided text. The text appears to be a historical account of labor law changes in the United States from the 1930s to the 2000s. It mentions various events, presidents, and politicians but does not include this quote.
According to the song "Leader of the Pack", the girl met Jimmy (the leader of the pack) at the candy store.
Boroughs
Cujo.
According to the article, Lennox Lewis was the last British boxer to hold all four heavyweight titles. However, this does not directly answer the question.  To answer who was the last World Heavyweight Boxing champion born in Great Britain, it would be Frank Bruno, as he is mentioned in the text congratulating Tyson Fury on his victory.
Stewart Granger, born James Lablache Stewart, was a British film actor who lived from May 6, 1913, to August 16, 1993.
The River Wear flows through the centre of the city of Durham.
Leningrad (now known as Saint Petersburg).
The answer to your question is: Bay Laurel.  In the text, it is mentioned that "The appellation Laurus nobilis is as ancient as it is well deserved. The generic name, Laurus, the family name, Lauraceae, and the common English name, 'laurel', all are derived from the Latin name for the laurel tree."
Glasgow.
The term used in law to describe the state of those related through marriage is "civil affinity." According to Black's Law Dictionary, civil affinity refers to "the relationship existing between a person and the relatives of their spouse by reason of marriage."
The Turn of the Screw by Henry James.
Mr Tumble, Justin's House, and Gigglebiz.
The magnificent frigatebird (Fregata magnificens), also known as the pirate bird, is commonly referred to as the "man-o'-war bird" due to its skill in outmaneuvering and stealing food from other seabirds.
Unfortunately, I couldn't find any information in the provided document that lists the current President of Germany. However, it does mention that there are 9 women Prime Ministers currently in office, and one of them is in Germany. But without further information, I can only say that a woman is serving as Prime Minister of Germany, but not the President.  However, based on my external knowledge, Angela Merkel was the Chancellor (equivalent to Prime Minister) of Germany until 2021, and Olaf Scholz has taken over since then. However, there is no mention of the current female President or leader in the provided document.
Oberammergau.
Australia.
The collective name of the international agreements signed by all the member states of the European Community is referred to as "the acquis". The acquis is a comprehensive body of rules, laws, and policies that have been adopted by the European Union (EU) over time. It includes various areas such as justice and home affairs, external relations, economic policies, environmental protection, consumer protection, health, education, culture, and more.
John Hurt was the recipient of the 2012 BAFTA Award for Outstanding British Contribution to Cinema.
According to ChemicalElements.com, the chemical symbol for manganese is Mn.
According to document #19 (Mythology character list), in Greek mythology, there are 3 Fates:  1. Clotho - Spins the thread of life. 2. Lachesis - Assigns people their thread. 3. Atropos - Snips thread of life upon death.  These three powerful beings have control over both gods and mortals with their power.
1 square kilometer (km²) is equal to 1,000,000 square meters (m²).
Sweden. The headquarters of H&M is located in Stockholm, Sweden. (From document: "Headquarters / The headquarters of the company is in Stockholm, Sweden...")
The term used in geology to refer to the layer between the Earth's crust and the core is "mantle".
Little Jimmy Osmond, with his song "Long Haired Lover From Liverpool"
The "Railway King".
Lewis Hamilton, who won his second title in 2014.
The answer is: "Decimate" originally meant "to destroy one-tenth of", but has now come to mean "to destroy almost completely".   This change in meaning is a classic example of semantic drift, where the original meaning of a word is gradually replaced by a new meaning over time.
The answer is not directly related to the provided text. However, based on historical context and events, I can provide an answer.  The performance of Auber's "La Muette de Portici" you are referring to likely took place in Brussels (not a European capital), Belgium, on August 25, 1830. This opera is known for its famous chorus "Amour sacré de la patrie," which triggered the Belgian Revolution and eventually led to the independence of Belgium from the United Kingdom of the Netherlands.  So, the successful fight for independence was likely that of the Belgians seeking independence from the United Kingdom of the Netherlands.
January 20.
Sri Lanka (formerly Ceylon) was the first country to elect a female prime minister in 1960, with Sirimavo Bandaranaike becoming its Prime Minister.
There is no information about "Leoprine" in any of the provided documents.
John Hancock. His elaborate signature has become synonymous with signing one's name on a document.
Henry VII (1457-1509) was King of England in 1505.
Melchester Rovers.
Esperanto. According to the document, Dr. Ludwik Lazar Zamenhof (also known as Dr. Esperanto) invented this language over 100 years ago.
The Fabian Society was not mentioned as being founded in January 1884, but rather the text mentions that Edward Pease's book "A History of the Fabian Society" states that it was formed in 1884. However, according to other sources:  The Independent Labour Party (ILP) was founded on January 1, 1884.
The answer is: "Dubliners". All three short story titles are actually from the same collection of short stories, titled "Dubliners", published by James Joyce in 1914.
The answer is Fiat. The question mentions "a white van man" and says that he is driving a "Ducato", which is the name of a type of van made by Fiat.
The article doesn't mention who carried the British flag at the closing ceremony of the 2012 Olympic Games, but it does mention that Sir Chris Hoy carried the flag at the Beijing Olympic Games in 2008.
John Williams composed the theme music for the film "Jaws".
Benedict Cumberbatch plays the role of Sherlock Holmes and Martin Freeman plays the role of Dr. John Watson.
The founder of the Peoples Temple church was James Warren Jones (1931-1978).
The International Gay Rights Congress, held in Edinburgh, Scotland in 1974, adopted the lambda (not the pink triangle) as their symbol for lesbian and gay rights.  However, ACT-UP (AIDS Coalition To Unleash Power) used the pink triangle in the 1980s for their cause.
Castle Howard.
Kensington Gore.
Battle. According to the text, "Richard Of York Gave Battle In Vain", with each word's first letter corresponding to a color of the rainbow: R = Red, Y = Yellow, B = Blue, I = Indigo, V = Violet.
The period of British history between 1901 and 1910 is known as "The Edwardian period". This era was characterized by social change, economic opportunity, and cultural developments in Britain.
Joey (also spelled Joey, but more frequently referred to as "The Baby")
The King's Evil, also known as scrofula, an infection of the lymph nodes, was believed to be curable by the touch of a king or queen.
According to the document, Lisbon stands on the Tagus River.
Salem.
The scientific name for the Snow Leopard is Panthera [Uncia] Uncia.
The Sex Pistols sang "God Save the Queen."
1967. According to the text, England and Wales decriminalized sodomy until this year, when most of the British colonial territories had already gained independence from Britain.
World Cup Willie.
Archaeology. Sir Mortimer Wheeler is best known for his work as a British archaeologist, and his contributions to the field of archaeology are still recognized today.
Dooley Wilson, an African-American actor from East Texas, played Sam the piano player and sang "As Time Goes By" in the film Casablanca.
Ernest Hemingway wrote "Farewell To Arms" (published 1929) and "For Whom The Bell Tolls" (1940). He received a Pulitzer Prize for Literature for "The Old Man And The Sea" (1952) and the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1954.
The provided text does not mention "cynanthropy." However, I can infer that it might be referring to a condition where people believe they are animals. This is actually known as Cynanthropomorphism or more likely as Zoa or Zoomorphism (believing one has an animal's characteristics) but closely related is Cynoanthropy.  There isn't enough information in the given text to provide a detailed answer, but it appears that cynanthropy might be mentioned elsewhere.
The answer is: None. The documents don't mention that Pygmalion was a king of a specific island. According to Apollodorus of Athens, Pygmalion was a king, but the location is not specified as an island.
Quartz.
Kathryn Bigelow directed the film The Hurt Locker.
The answer is Coreopsis species. According to the text, "Coreopsis plants form nice, slow spreading clumps of green, fern-like or thread-like foliage with profusely blooming flowers that stand above the foliage on long, wirey stems." Additionally, it is described as a "spring flowering plant" and has "yellow, orange, and dark red flowers".
Elizabeth Mainwaring.
Police Commander Cressida Dick. She was in charge of Gold Command, which identified and pursued de Menezes, and has since been promoted.
The term used in this context is "deselected". For example, it is stated that Jim Devine was deselected by the party's special endorsement panel following an investigation into his expenses claims.
The British badger, also known as the Eurasian badger.
Miriam. According to the text, Miriam, the sister of Moses, asked Pharaoh's daughter if she needed a nurse for her son (Moses), and when the princess agreed, Miriam went to fetch their mother, Jochebed, to care for the baby.
According to the provided Jeopardy template, the answer is a Pit Bull Terrier.
The text does not mention a specific South American country extending the furthest east. The countries mentioned are from North America, Asia, Africa, and Europe, but there is no information about South America.
The Camden Town Group.
According to the provided text, Booker T. Washington became the first African American to be depicted on a U.S. postage stamp in 1940.
Alessandro Volta, an Italian physicist, is credited with inventing the first electric battery, known as the voltaic pile, in 1800.
Chevrolet.
Johannes Kepler formulated the following three laws:  1. The path of the planets about the sun is elliptical in shape. 2. An imaginary line drawn from the center of the sun to the center of the planet will sweep out equal areas in equal intervals of time. 3. The ratio of the squares of the periods of any two planets is equal to the ratio of the cubes of their average distances from the sun.
Estee Lauder cosmetics and perfumes.
Robert Lindsay played the title role of Wolfie Smith.
Alice. She sat down uninvited and joined in their conversation about tea, time, and riddles.
All three emperors - Trajan, Titus, and Nerva - are known as the "Five Good Emperors", however, that is not accurate for this specific question. They were all considered to be good rulers but they are also specifically referred to as such in the context of a distinct group but here only two are mentioned.  But according to Trajan's biography, both Trajan and Nerva were known as one of the "Five Good Emperors". Titus is actually part of this group.
Buttercup.
TUBBER
The triple jump. He won with a jump of 17.73m.
King Alexander I, assassinated in Marseilles in 1934, was King of Yugoslavia.
The main American tank of World War II was the M4 Sherman. However, the text does not mention this explicitly. According to historical records, the M4 Sherman was a widely used and versatile tank that played a significant role in many battles during World War II, serving as one of the primary tanks for the United States Army.
The Occupy Wall Street movement, which began in September 2011.
The Delaware River.
The Rose Bowl.
1929.
The article does not mention who the winner of the 2012 award was. It only discusses the expert panel that determined the shortlist and the nominees, but not the actual winner.
Roy Hudd played the role of the amorous undertaker, Archie Shuttleworth.
According to various definitions in the provided documents, the words that describe the ability to imagine and share another person's feelings and/or experiences are:  * Empathy * Compassion * Identification * Understanding * Intuition * Sympathy (although some sources distinguish between empathy and sympathy)  However, if I had to choose one word that is most commonly used in these definitions, it would be:  **Empathy**  This word is used by multiple authors to describe the ability to put oneself in another person's shoes, imagine their feelings and experiences, and share in their emotional state.
There is no information in the provided documents about Attention Deficit Disorder (ADD). The document appears to be about CS Lewis' biography and writings.
eBay.
The Sierra Nevada National Park. (According to the provided documents)
According to the text, the lines are marked on a Load Line as follows:  * Summer (S) * Tropical (T) * Fresh Water (F) * Winter (W) * Timber Load Lines have different markings prefixed with "L", but the Standard Load Line markings do not include TF. * WNA is also associated with Timber Load Lines.  However, one line that matches your description of having the letters TF, F, T, S, A and WNA, is actually the Fresh Water Allowance (FWA) line which has no "TF" in it but the "Tropical Fresh Water" line.
Europe (specifically, all new cars sold) in 1992, under the Auto Oil Programme.
Stephen Tompkinson plays DCI (Detective Chief Inspector) Alan Banks in the ITV series 'DCI Banks', not Detective Inspector. The correct rank is stated in the first paragraph of the document: "starring Stephen Tompkinson, Andrea Lowe and Caroline Catz... with Stephen Tompkinson reprises his role as DCI Alan Banks..."
The Metropolitan Police Department of London, also known as Scotland Yard. Specifically, Henry Fielding established the Bow Street Runners in 1749, which eventually became the precursor to Scotland Yard in 1829 when it was formed by Sir Robert Peel.
According to the document, Paul Ince became the first black captain of the England football team in June 1993.
A sea krait is a type of venomous snake that lives in the water and has powerful neurotoxic venom. It is described as docile but deadly, capable of killing with its bite. Its venom is used to incapacitate fish for hunting or defense.
The First Minister of Scotland.
the alphabet.
Jamaica
The phrase "Beauty is truth, truth is beauty" was written by John Keats in his poem "Ode On A Grecian Urn".
There is no mention of "D.A.T.T." being an alternative name for Bar Skittles or Table Skittles in the provided text.
John Reginald Christie.
Willie Carson. He won Derbys with Troy (1979), Henbit (1980), Nashwan (1989) and Erhaab (1994).
Barbara Castle, Baroness Castle of Blackburn PC, GCOT (6 October 1910 – 3 May 2002)
The building where monks live and work is called an "abbey". According to the text, Mount St Bernard was given abbey status in 1848.
Squadra Toro Rosso.
Sirte. According to the article, Acting Prime Minister Mahmoud Jibril announced that Colonel Muammar Gaddafi was killed after an assault on his birthplace of Sirte.
General Sherman, who led the march to the sea. The General Sherman Tree is named after him.
Swiss. According to the document, Mr Blatter's age is mentioned as 79, which also matches the profile of a typical Swiss citizen (as Switzerland has a high average life expectancy). Additionally, the article mentions that "Mr Blatter" is his title, implying he is not from Jordan (Prince Ali's nationality) or any other country.
Indonesia. According to the text, Indonesia announced that it would leave OPEC when its membership expired at the end of 2008, having become a net importer of oil and being unable to meet its production quota.
There is no mention of Fulham reaching the FA Cup final in 2011. However, I can tell you that Aston Villa won the FA Cup in 2015, defeating Chelsea 4-0 in the final.  It seems more likely that you are looking for information about the 1975 FA Cup Final, which was between West Ham United and Fulham, or another year's competition.
Vera. The show is based on the work of crime author Ann Cleeves and follows the character of Detective Chief Inspector Vera Stanhope, played by Brenda Blethyn.
The article does not mention who the last South African to win the Open Golf Championship is. However, it mentions that Charl Schwartzel won the Masters in 2011, which suggests that he may be one of the top contenders to win the tournament as a South African.
Danny Boyle.
Sinclair Lewis. He was the first American to be awarded a Nobel Prize for Literature on December 10, 1930.
According to the text, Martini & Rossi is a brand of vermouth. Specifically, it is a producer of red vermouth (e.g., Martini Rosso) and dry vermouth (e.g., Martini Extra Dry).
According to the text, Frida Kahlo was married to Mexican artist Diego Rivera in 1929.
The Red Sea. According to the documents, "In the north the sea is accessed from Middle Eastern countries via the Gulf of Aqaba (or Gulf of Eilat.)"
The Dreaded Batter Pudding Hurler of Bexhill-on-Sea appeared on the Goon Show, a BBC radio comedy series. The specific episode is from Series 5, Episode 3, first broadcast on October 12, 1954.
According to the documents, Millefiori is an ancient glasswork technique that has been applied on polymer clay. It produces colorful, radiant patterns.
Buster Keaton.
Mount Qomolangma (also spelled Chonolungma) is the official name of Mount Everest in Tibet. It can also be translated as "Holy Mother".
The Up Series is a series of documentary films directed by Michael Apted that follows the lives of fourteen British children since 1964.
According to the text, "A" or more generally an "all clear" signal, can be represented by a single arm held vertically upwards.
Friedrich Engels.
According to the text, the Andaman Islands archipelago is shared by two countries: India and Myanmar (Burma).
Yorkshire. According to the text, Yorkshire is nicknamed 'God's Own County'.
The event you are referring to is called "Black Friday".
According to The Bible, it was Aaron, but actually Moses' sister Miriam and Moses' wife Zipporah were also there. But the Bible specifically says that Moses went up to God to receive the commandments, and Aaron, his two sons Nadab and Abihu, and seventy elders accompanied him part of the way (Exodus 19:24; 24:9-11).
Unfortunately, there is no mention of "Sole" in the provided documents. However, it's possible that you may be thinking of the area called "Forths", not "Sole".   If we assume that's correct, then according to the provided text, the area called "Forths" lies south of the area called "Firths", but there is no direct comparison with an area called "Sole".  However, I can tell you that if you are looking for areas near "Sole", it might be worth considering the following:  - Sole Bay: It's a bay located in Suffolk, England. While it doesn't have a specific shipping forecast area named after it, the surrounding waters would likely fall under the "Dogger" or "Forths" area.  - Solent: This is an English Channel area between the Isle of Wight and the mainland, which does not appear to have its own specific Shipping Forecast area.
Scientology. According to the provided text, Scientology teaches that an alien named Xenu brought billions of beings to Earth 75 million years ago and killed them using hydrogen bombs. This is a core part of Scientology's creation myth, known as the "Operating Thetan" (OT) Level III story or "R6 implant."
The village of Chibok is located in northeastern Nigeria, in Borno state.
The State of Israel.
The Mekong River.
The thick watery substance filling the space between the lens and the cornea of the eye is called aqueous humor.
The author of the book "A Bridge Too Far" is Cornelius Ryan.
Oliver Cromwell. According to the document, Oliver Cromwell told artist Peter Lely to paint him "warts and all", meaning including all his imperfections such as wrinkles and scars.
The Nebuchadnezzar holds around 16 liters (equal to 20 standards) and has an average size of about 31".
There is no mention of the advertising slogan "Forces grey out, forces white in" in the provided documents.
Argentina.
County Durham.
Marat Safin is a Russian national.
William Walton.
The answer is: The Tiger. According to the document, "According to the Chinese zodiac, 1998 (beginning on January 28th according to the lunar calendar) will have characteristics much like the Tiger described on our home page."
The Louis XIII style in French architecture, which was influenced by Italian mannerism and classicism.
All Fools' Day.
99.
The tongue.
According to the documents, Americans call what Brits would call a "buggy" or "pushchair" a "stroller".
Unfortunately, I don't see the specific information about Band Aid II's chart performance for 1988 and 1990 mentioned in the text. However, according to my knowledge, Band Aid's original charity single, "Do They Know It's Christmas?", topped the charts in both 1984 (not mentioned in the text) and then again in 1989 with a new version featuring some of the same artists.  As for Band Aid II, which was released in 1993 to raise money for famine relief in Somalia, I'm not aware of any information that suggests it topped the charts in either 1988 or 1990.  However, I can provide you with some general information about charity singles from around those times. In 1988, the top Christmas single was likely "Mistletoe and Wine" by Cliff Richard, while in 1990, the top Christmas single may have been "Driving in the Rain" by Belinda Carlisle or possibly another song that I'm not aware of.  If you're looking for more information about Band Aid II's chart performance specifically, I recommend checking a reliable online source such as Wikipedia or the Official Charts Company website.
According to the documents, the city of Odessa is located on the Black Sea.
According to the document, Eleanor of Aquitaine was the mother of both Richard I (Richard the Lionheart) and John. She was married to King Henry II, who had several sons, including Richard and John.
Auguste Rodin.
The Maori language. According to the text, "Kia ora" is a friendly and traditional Maori greeting for Hello and Thank you.
According to the provided text, in heraldry, a wyvern is described as "the most common of the draconic heraldic symbols" that is often depicted as a creature of valor and protection, with great eyesight. It is also believed to be a symbol of power and strength, but its symbolism is not fully understood.
Venice. According to the text, "Fortunately for us the prosperous citizens of republican Venice see no reason why the new musical form of the day, opera, should be restricted to private performances for the aristocracy. In 1637 Venice opens the first public opera house, the Teatro San Cassiano."
Attila the Hun.
The New York Times has won the most Pulitzer Prizes for journalism.
The River Stour.
Flash memory.
John Simm played Dr. Alec Jeffreys in "Code of a Killer".
You can find the song "There Is Nothing Like a Dame" in the musical South Pacific.
Betty Ford, the wife of President Gerald R. Ford, opened the Betty Ford Center in Rancho Mirage, California, a live-in treatment program for alcoholics and drug abusers.
The answer cannot be determined from the provided text. The text does not mention "Frasier" or its setting.
I'll answer the questions based on the provided text.  1. **What two states had not been ratified into the constitution yet?** Answer: Rhode Island and North Carolina.  2. **Which of the following positions would be most likely to be taken by a conservative?** Answer: C) Should protect unborn children and limit access to abortion.  3. **The example of Quebec province in Canada illustrates** Answer: A) Political conflict in a federal system.  4. **How do parties contribute to the democratic process?** Answer: Simplify the electoral system, find and develop new talent, focus responsibility.  5. **This election is often cited as the first one in which the candidate who obtained the greatest popular vote (Jackson) failed to be elected president.** Answer: In 1824.  6. **What term describes speech that is harmfully anti-government?** Answer: Seditious speech.  7. **Federal laws supereme to state leg.** Answer: Yes, federal laws are supreme to state law under the Constitution's Supremacy Clause.  8. **Pacted Transition** Answer: A democratic transition occurs when pacts or agreements among elites permit the establishment of democratic government.  9. **Highest growing ethnic race in America** Answer: Latinos (13%).  10. **An example of an agent of political socialization would be a speech made by Sarah Palin.** Answer: Opinion Leaders.  11. **What is Plato's view of a man?** Answer: Rational By Nature.  12. **Article 1 of the Constitution describes** Answer: The powers of Congress, establishes manner of elections and qualifications of members of each House, and limits on powers of both Congress and States.  13. **The condition of human beings without government is called** Answer: State of Nature.  14. **A concurring opinion is a judge's agreement but for a different reason.** Answer: Yes, that is correct.  15. **In a parliamentary system, the executive is chosen by the legislature.** Answer: Yes, that is correct.  16. **Purchasing Power Parity (PPP) is a measure of per capita income that shows the purchasing power of an income instead of its worth at current exchange rates.** Answer: That's correct.  17. **Marbury vs. Madison dealt with the Judiciary Act of 1789 and the writ of mandamas.** Answer: Yes, that's correct.  18. **Liberties taken by the President due to 9/11 include wiretapping, suspension of habeas corpus, and secrecy in the White House.** Answer: That's correct.  19. **The true center of power in the United Nations is the Security Council.** Answer: Yes, that's correct.  20. **Agenda building is the practice of delaying or obstructing legislation by means of prolonged speeches, motions or amendments.** Answer: That's correct.  Let me know if you need further assistance!
According to the documents provided, Sicily is the largest island in the Mediterranean Sea with an area of 25,662 sq km.
Israel. According to the document, the Uzi was designed by Captain Uziel Gal in the Israeli army and the original manufacturer was Israel Military Industries (IMI). Today, it is produced and developed by Israel Weapon Industries (IWI).
Sigmund Freud
A rhombus.
According to the documents, Ganymede orbits Jupiter. It is stated that "It takes Ganymede 7.1 Earth days to orbit Jupiter..." and that "Ganymede... is larger than both Mercury and Pluto, and is 2/3 the size of Mars with a diameter of 5,268 km (3,273 miles) - 8% larger than Mercury." This suggests that Ganymede is a moon of Jupiter.
The Young Apprentice.
Theoretical Physics.   (The document discusses theoretical concepts related to particles and forces, particularly the hypothetical particle that carries gravity.)
The main opponents of Russia in the Crimean War were Britain, France, and Turkey (the Ottoman Empire).
Paisley.
The information in the passage does not specify a particular decade when both Lancashire and Yorkshire County Cricket Clubs were formed. However, based on general knowledge, it is known that both clubs were founded during the 19th century.  Lancashire County Cricket Club was founded in 1864, and Yorkshire County Cricket Club was founded in 1863.
Edward IV
The knight is the only chess piece that can jump over other pieces, according to the rules of chess. Its move is described as an "L" shaped move: two squares either forward, backward, left, or right and then left or right one square.
According to Britannica, Freyr (also spelled Frey) was the god of:  * Wealth * Harvest * Rain * Sun * Fertility * Prosperity * Good fortune * Happiness * Peace
Feeble.
The Super Bowl is the USA national championship game that meets these criteria.
South Africa. The transplant was performed by Dr. Christiaan Barnard on December 3, 1967, at Groote Schuur Hospital in Cape Town, South Africa.
According to the article, the traditional fish used in Cullen Skink is haddock. However, in this specific recipe, smoked whiting fillets are substituted for smoked haddock. Whiting belongs to the cod family and has a similar flavor profile to haddock.
Feeble.
The Tulliver family.
General Jan Christiaan Smuts.
Georgia.
a state of dryness (desiccation)
According to a poem mentioned in the review, "procrastination" is referred to as "the thief of time."
The text doesn't explicitly mention where the Mekong River rises, but according to general knowledge, the Mekong River originates from the Tibetan Plateau in China, which is part of Asia. Therefore, it can be inferred that the Mekong River rises on the Asian continent.
A bird.
Juan Manuel Fangio.
Ireland. According to the article, rejection of the Lisbon Treaty by Ireland would be the only country where it is rejected after a referendum.
"Without you"
MTV (Music Television) on August 1, 1981.
Sodium. The chemical symbol for sodium is Na, which derives from the Latin Natrium for "natron (soda in English)".
According to the article, Elaine Bookbinder is the real name of Elkie Brooks.
"All My Yesterdays" is the autobiography of Edward G. Robinson.
According to the provided text, there are 12 zodiacal animals that mark each new year. To determine which animal marks the current year, we would need to know the birth year of a person or an event. However, I can provide general information.  Since the question doesn't specify a particular birth year or event, I'll give you a list of the 12 zodiacal animals in order:  1. Rat 2. Ox (or Cow) 3. Tiger 4. Rabbit 5. Dragon 6. Snake 7. Horse 8. Sheep (or Goat) 9. Monkey 10. Rooster 11. Dog 12. Pig  If you provide a specific birth year or event, I can help you determine which zodiacal animal marks the current year!
The question is actually about Wimbledon, not the French Open. The Cup presented to the winner of the Men's Singles at Wimbledon is called the All England Lawn Tennis Club Single Handed Championship of the World, but it's commonly referred to as the Gentlemen's Singles trophy. It's a silver gilt cup that has been awarded since 1887.  There is no such question about the French Open in this text.
Motor oil.
There is no mention in the text that Plato and Xenophon were pupils of a Greek philosopher. In fact, it appears that they were actually contemporary writers who wrote about the life and teachings of Socrates.
The Dandie Dinmont terrier. It was named after a fictional character, Mr. Dandie Dinmont, from Sir Walter Scott's 1814 novel "Guy Mannering".
The answer is: Lingua franca.  Note: According to the documents provided, Ludwik Lejzer Zamenhof was interested in learning Italian and had an interest in Lithuanian. However, there is no direct mention of him coining or using a specific Italian term that refers to a mixed language enabling communication between different national groups.  However, based on general knowledge, I can provide the answer as "Lingua franca", which is an Italian term adopted into English and refers to a mixed language used for communication among people who speak different native languages.
The Battle of Tewkesbury was fought in Tewkesbury, Gloucestershire, England on 4 May 1471.
The American Civil War.
The character of the hypnotist Svengali appears in George du Maurier's 1894 novel "Trilby".
The title of Blur's debut album is "Leisure".
Unfortunately, there is no information provided about a music group that was specifically named after the main character of the 1984 film "Paris, Texas". However, I can tell you that one notable artist who has been inspired by Wim Wenders' work and the themes of American road movies is Ry Cooder. He composed the soundtrack for "Paris, Texas" and his music often explores similar themes of Americana and the open road.  If you're looking for a specific band or group named after Travis Anderson (the main character), I couldn't find any information on that in the provided documents.
Dublin.
The formation of vapour bubbles of a flowing liquid in a region where its pressure falls below its vapour pressure is known as cavitation.
The answer is: Prince Albert (Edward was known to his family as Bertie, and Prince Albert was his father)   However, based on the given information, it seems that the question is referring to Albert Christian Edward being a combination of forenames.  Albert is also one of the forenames of Prince Albert, the husband of Queen Victoria.
Libreville (according to both The Free Dictionary references provided).
Rigoletto.
According to the document, the asteroid belt lies roughly between Mars and Jupiter in our solar system.
The main author of the U.S. Declaration of Independence was Thomas Jefferson. He wrote the first draft, which took over two weeks to complete, and although others made revisions, his original text is considered the primary source.
The lungs. According to the document, "The lungs are spongy structure where the exchange of gases takes place. Each lung is surrounded by a pair of pleural membranes... The ends of the bronchioles are hollow air sacs called alveoli."
Absolutely Fabulous.
According to the Bible, Elijah was taken up to Heaven in a fiery chariot (2 Kings 2:11).
The question is not asked in the text provided.  However, based on general knowledge, I can tell you that E.M. Shepherd (not J.M. Shepherd) was an American illustrator who worked extensively with Ruth Plumly Thompson on her Oz series of books.   Ruth Plumly Thompson wrote 19 novels in the Oz series between 1921 and 1939 after L. Frank Baum's death, and many of these were illustrated by E.M. Shepherd.  So, to answer your implicit question: The series of books that were illustrated by E.M. Shepherd are Ruth Plumly Thompson's novels in the Oz series.
Love's Labour's Lost
Portia in The Merchant of Venice.
Suriname
Mark Cavendish, a track cyclist and a member of the 2008 Olympics squad, won the Milan-San Remo Classic in Italy earlier this year.
The aardvark.
Mary Baker Eddy founded the Christian Science Church in 1879. She based her philosophy on some of Phineas Parkhurst Quimby's ideas and described it as "Christian Science" after publishing her book "Science and Health" in 1875, but officially founded the church seven years later.
Newfoundland and Labrador.
The Euroscar European Player of the Year Award is awarded for the sport of Basketball.
Unfortunately, the provided documents don't mention the term "Tri-colour". However, based on general knowledge, I can tell you that the Tricolour is actually the flag of France, consisting of three vertical panels of blue, white, and red.
Saint Kitts and Nevis. It consists of two islands, Saint Kitts and Nevis, and is the smallest sovereign nation in the Americas.
The 2010 film "Wall Street: Money Never Sleeps" is a sequel to the 1987 film "Wall Street".
The Rt Hon David Trimble MP was elected as First Minister (Designate) at the first meeting of the Assembly on July 1, 1998.
The movie musical "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang" (1968), based on the novel by Ian Fleming. It was an adaptation of Fleming's only children's book, with music by the Sherman brothers, who attempted to repeat their success from "Mary Poppins".
Reginald
According to the documents, butterflies primarily taste with their feet. They also have a secondary means of tasting with their proboscis (an elongated part of the mouth), but their feet are the primary means of taste.
Lon Chaney Jr. plays the role of Larry Talbot, also known as the Wolf Man, in the 1941 horror film 'The Wolf Man'.
Homer Simpson from the TV show "The Simpsons" is often quoted as saying "D'oh!" and variations of the phrase, but I couldn't find specific evidence that he says "Don't have a cow, man." However, it's likely that Homer or another character on the show said something similar.
The first name of Bill Gates' wife is Melinda.
According to the documents, Winchester was the capital of Wessex.
This question does not relate to the provided text about Nancy Reagan. However, based on general knowledge, the answer is probably Sean Connery, who played James Bond in Dr. No and other Bond films.  But if you'd like to know whose interview led to an upsurge in sales of James Bond books as mentioned in the passage provided (which seems not be related to Nancy Reagan's life but rather about another topic), I would need more information from the text or context that was not given.
Japan. According to the document, Anpan is described as "a Japanese sweet roll most commonly filled with red bean paste."
Spencer Tracy's last film was "Guess Who's Coming to Dinner" in 1967.
Hannah Montana.
Spencer Perceval, the Prime Minister of Britain.
The United States. According to the document, "Blair House is more commonly known as the US President's Guest House."
Henri Rousseau.
Fay Wray played Ann Darrow in the 1933 film 'King Kong'.
The answer is Ebro.
According to the documents, various names are given to the Jewish New Year, which falls on Nisan 1. Some of these names include:  * Rosh Chodashim (the "head of the months") * Chodesh Ha-Aviv (the "month of spring") * Chodesh Ha-rishon (the "first month") * Chodesh HaGeulah (the "month of redemption") * Chodesh Nisan (the "month of Nisan")  These names all refer to Nisan 1 as the start of the new year and the beginning of Jewish national history.
According to the provided text, Neophobia is the fear of new things.
Denmark. The Bodil Awards are awarded in Denmark and were established in 1948.
Henry VII (also known as Henry Tudor), founder of the Tudor Dynasty.
The answer is Coconut. Nariyal ( Hindi) or Thengaai (Tamil) are both Indian terms for the fruit of the coco palm, commonly known as a coconut.
Buttermilk. The horse was originally named Taffy, but was later renamed when Dale Evans purchased it and began riding it on the Roy Rogers Show.
Will Ferrell.
Bulimia. It is named after the New Latin term "bulimia", which comes from the Greek words "bous" (ox) and "limos" (hunger).
France. According to the article, the roots of the Opera Cake are heavily disputed, but one theory is that it was invented by Parisian patisserie Dalloyau in the mid-1950s.
Thunderstorms.
According to Roman mythology, FLORA was the goddess of flowers.
Deciduous trees lose their leaves in the winter. Examples include oak, maple, fruit-bearing species (such as plum and cherry), nut-bearing species (such as walnut and hickory), and other species like beech, birch, cottonwood, alder, and willow.
David Lean
According to the text, Madonna's ex-husband Sean Penn was her "first" husband after marriage, but they were married for only 4 years. However, it is implied that he may have been her "true love", as mentioned by Debi Mazar and confirmed by Madonna herself in a documentary.  If you are asking about her first spouse in general (not necessarily a husband), the answer would be Carlos Leon, with whom she has a daughter Lourdes, but they never got married.
After examining the text, I can see that there is no mention of an Asian city sharing its name with a river on the Isle of Wight. However, one of the engravings mentioned is "New Bridge at St Petersburg", which suggests that St Petersburg (now known as Saint Petersburg) in Russia may be the Asian city referred to.  However, I think you are asking about the city Bruni or Borneo Proper, which is actually referring to a place in Asia.   But no, actually it was talking about "Bruni or Borneo Proper" being a location on an island that shares its name with the Isle of Wight.
Muscovite is a processed form of mica.
Winchester Model 1873.
Lawrence of Arabia (T.E. Lawrence)
Reginald Hill, a crime novelist.
The Kodiak bear. According to the text, it "rivals the polar bear as the largest member of the bear family and as the largest land-based predator."
CS Lewis.
Callahan. The main character, Inspector "Dirty" Harry Callahan, is portrayed by Clint Eastwood throughout the film series.
Kirk Douglas, who starred as Spartacus in the 1960 Stanley Kubrick film.
Prince Edward, Duke of Kent.
The Copenhagen Criteria define eligibility for national membership of the European Union (EU).
A starter question is worth 10 points.
According to the article, Mexico has the largest Spanish-speaking population, but it is expected that by 2050, the United States will surpass Mexico and become the world's largest Spanish-speaking country. Currently, there are almost 53 million Spanish speakers in the U.S., while Mexico likely has a larger number of native Spanish speakers.
According to the text, Inverness overlooks both the Beauly Firth and the Moray Firth. However, the specific question asks about one firth, so the answer is:  The Beauly Firth.
Unfortunately, there is no information provided about the number of home runs Ty Cobb hit in the World Series. The text mentions that Cobb had a "first great season" in 1907 and that the Tigers rode success to the World Series that year, but it does not provide any statistics or details about his performance in that or subsequent World Series appearances.
Kerosene.
Jaundice.
There is no mention of an Indian being the conductor for the Three Tenors concert in Rome or Los Angeles. According to the text, the conductor for both concerts was Zubin Mehta, who is of Hungarian descent (born in India to Parsi parents).
The nickname of the character played by Jeff Bridges in the 1998 film "The Big Lebowski" is "The Dude".
Ricin.
There is no answer to this question because rugby union was not included as a medal sport in the Olympics after 1924. However, rugby sevens has been included since the 2016 Rio Olympics and Japan are the reigning Olympic Rugby Sevens champions (men's team) and Australia are the reigning Olympic Women's Rugby Sevens Champions (women's team).
Mark Rothko. He was born in Dvinsk, Russia (now Daugavpils, Latvia) and painted 30 murals for the Four Seasons restaurant, known as the "Seagram Murals".
Alan Rudkin was a British and European bantamweight champion, which means he typically fought at the bantamweight division. However, one of his notable fights mentioned is against Walter McGowan for the British and Commonwealth bantamweight titles, but also it is mentioned that "He stepped up a weight" to challenge for the European bantamweight title in 1965.
According to the documents, the River Wensum runs alongside Carrow Road, where Norwich City Football Club is located. Additionally, another reference mentions that the ground is visible after crossing a railway bridge over the river, implying that there are multiple rivers in the area. However, specifically addressing your question, it can be inferred that one of those rivers is the River Wensum.
According to the text, Pope Sixtus V set a tradition that the maximum number of cardinals should be 70, which was maintained for centuries until the pontificate of Pope John XXIII. Since then, the number has increased and can approach twice that amount (140). However, it is worth noting that only those under 80 years old are eligible to vote in papal elections, and there were restrictions on this number (limited to 120 by Paul VI and John Paul II).
The answer is "squash". However, it's not directly related to the question you asked about women directors.   If I look at the provided text, I can find references to squash for Peter Nicol (a former world number one squash player) but no information regarding Rodney Eyles and Cassie Campion being associated with a sport.  However, according to my general knowledge, Susan Devoy is indeed an association with squash.
The answer is Field hockey. A 'short corner' or 'penalty corner' is a feature of the game of field hockey.
The answer is not explicitly mentioned in the text, but according to other sources, Massachusetts became the first U.S. state to legalize same-sex marriage on May 17, 2004. However, based on the timeline provided in the text, it appears that the states began legalizing same-sex marriage around June 2013 and continued throughout 2014.
Bobby George.
Malkovich.
1957.
There is no information about a British physicist and mathematician being born on December 25, 1642. However, the document mentions Sir Isaac Newton, who was a British physicist and mathematician, but it does not provide his birthdate. According to other sources, Sir Isaac Newton was actually born on January 4, 1643 (not December 25).
According to the document, the Mason-Dixon line separates the colonies (now states) of Pennsylvania and Maryland. It also extends into areas that would eventually become the states of Delaware and West Virginia.
Worcestershire. According to the text, "Kidderminster has long been famed for its carpets...". Additionally, it is mentioned that Droitwich lost one member of parliament under the Reform Bill, but still remains a significant town in Worcestershire.
You wouldn't actually "find" the Narita airport, as it's a given location. However, according to the article, Narita is located in Japan and is one of Tokyo's airports, specifically serving international air traffic.
The term "Glass Ceiling" refers to this concept. It's an unacknowledged, discriminatory barrier that prevents women and minorities from advancing to positions of power or responsibility within a corporation.
According to the documents provided, if a creature is edentulous, it means that it does not have teeth.
The Peter Falk show.   According to the documents, the correct answer is The Dick Powell Show.
Lowestoft is the Suffolk town that sits at the most easterly point of England.
Katniss Everdeen is a protagonist in "The Hunger Games" trilogy.
There is no mention in the provided documents of Gary Lineker joining Everton. The document mentions that Collymore was sold to Aston Villa, not joined Everton.
Madelyn Lee Dunham's famous grandson is Barack Obama, the 44th President of the United States.
Edward II.
Irving Stone wrote "The Agony and the Ecstasy".
The Herschel family. William Herschel (1738-1822) discovered Uranus between 1781 and 1783, Caroline Herschel (1750-1848) compiled a star catalogue, and John Herschel (1792-1871), their son, mapped all the stars in the Northern hemisphere and founded an observatory to map those in the Southern.
Baked Alaska. According to the document, "omelette a la norvegienne" or Norwegian omelette is another name for Baked Alaska.
The phonautograph, a sound recording device that created visual images of sound waves but could not play back recordings.
Mexico. According to the US MAP, "the 48 contiguous states and the federal district of Washington, D.C. are positioned in central North America between Canada and Mexico."
