AIDS (Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome).
According to the documents, Harry Potter belonged to Gryffindor House at Hogwarts School. This is mentioned in both the original Gryffindor description and as an example of a notable member of the house.
Pi (π)
Humphrey Bogart won the Best Actor 'Oscar' for playing the character 'Charlie Allnut' in "The African Queen" (1951).
Lilly Rush is the leading character in the American TV series "Cold Case".
Elizabeth Arden.
Pearl Harbor.
The Korean War
The answer is John Lloyd and Wendy Turnbull.
The opposite of El Niño is La Niña.
There is no information about which racecourse was the first to have an all-weather track or when exactly it was opened. However, the text does mention that Kempton Park had an 18.8 million ten furlong, floodlit All-Weather track developed in May 2005.
Vanessa Williams, who was the first African-American Miss America but resigned after sexually explicit photos of her were published in Penthouse magazine.
Ivory Coast.
There are 220 yards or 660 feet in a Furlong.
Gerry. According to the document, Gerry is Sportsman Gerry Watson's (Bubba's father) given name.
Dijon. According to the article, Dijon has been making its world-famous mustard since 1747 at the Maille shop.
Paddington Bear. He lived with the Brown family at 32 Windsor Gardens in London after being found at Paddington Station.
Bryan McFadden.
Actually, Christopher Columbus did not discover the New World during the reign of a specific British king. Columbus made his famous voyage in 1492, sponsored by the Spanish monarchs Ferdinand and Isabella.  However, I think you may be asking about the British King who reigned when the events described in the text took place. The answer would be George III, but he was not present during Columbus's time.
We see that in Example 2, to find one third of a number, we divide it by 3. To find two thirds, we multiply by 2.  To find a ninth, we divide by 9. Therefore, to find a ninth divided by a third, we would first divide by 9 and then divide again by 3 (which is the same as multiplying by 1/3). However, this question asks for what happens when we divide a ninth by a third.  To make sense of "a ninth divided by a third," we need to interpret it in terms of fractions. A fraction represents division between two numbers, so here we are looking for the result of dividing a ninths part into thirds. This can be rewritten as (1/9) / (1/3), which is equivalent to 1/9 × 3/1 = 1/3.  Therefore, one ninth divided by one third is equal to one third.
Unfortunately, there's no direct information about the Dzo breed in the provided documents. However, based on general knowledge, a Dzo is a hybrid of a male Yak (Bos grunniens) and a female Domestic Asian Cow (Bubalus bubalis).
California.
E.B. White, an American author, wrote the children's classic "Charlotte's Web".
Colorado. According to the document, "Dillon Dam and its reservoir (Lake Dillon) are nearby" in Summit County, Colorado.
According to the document, there is no specific mention that a single letter is represented solely by a dash (i.e., without any dots). However, based on the provided table in the "Expanded Latin Alphabet" section and using common knowledge about Morse code, we can infer that letters like "P" are often shortened as a dot only.
Unfortunately, I couldn't find any information about "Rochebaron" being a specific dish or food item. The text only provides pronunciation guides for various French words and dishes, but it doesn't include "Rochebaron". If you could provide more context or clarify what Rochebaron refers to, I'd be happy to try and help!
Bernard Hogan-Howe. He was appointed by the Queen on September 12, 2011, after beating three other candidates in interviews with the Home Secretary and Mayor of London.
The answer is not in the provided text. However, according to various interpretations and commentaries on the Book of Revelation, Death rides on a Pale Horse (Revelation 6:8). The Pale Horse is one of the four horses described by John in his vision, along with the White Horse, Red Horse, and Black Horse.
According to the documents, there is no mention of specific workers at Willy Wonka's chocolate factory. However, it does mention that "no workers ever seem to arrive or leave" in the fictional factory, suggesting that the factory operates independently with minimal outside help.
The Passiflora (passionflower) vine is associated with Jesus Christ. According to the article, it was taught by Spanish conquistadors that the various parts of the flower represented elements of Jesus' crucifixion and resurrection, such as the 10 apostles, thorns in his crown, nails used on the cross, etc.
Ancient Greece. Specifically, the original festival was held at Olympia on the Peloponnesian peninsula in Greece in 776 B.C.
There is no mention of the Lunar 10 or its Lunar Excursion Module in the provided text. However, it is worth noting that the Apollo missions' Lunar Modules were actually named "LEM" (Lunar Excursion Module), but not specifically "Lunar 10". The LEM was named after an earlier spacecraft called the Lunar 1.  The question seems to be incomplete or based on incorrect information.
According to the article, one of the original presenters of Top of the Pops was also a host of Juke Box Jury. However, it does not specifically mention who the original presenter of Juke Box Jury was.
The Bartholomew Fair. It started in 1133 and continued until 1855 when it changed its name and location to become the Caledonian Market now held in Bermondsey.
James Cameron directed both "The Terminator" (1984) and "Titanic" (1997).
Renzo Piano is the Italian-born architect who designed The Shard in London.
The text does not explicitly state who the President of the United States was for most of the decade. However, based on historical records and the time period mentioned in the text (1940s to 1995), it is likely that the Presidents referred to are:  * Harry S. Truman (1945-1953) * Dwight D. Eisenhower (1953-1961) * John F. Kennedy (1961-1963) * Lyndon B. Johnson (1963-1969) * Richard Nixon (1969-1974) * Gerald R. Ford (1974-1977) * Jimmy Carter (1977-1981) * Ronald Reagan (1981-1989) * George H.W. Bush (1989-1993) * Bill Clinton (1993-2001)  Without further information, it is difficult to determine which of these Presidents the text refers to as being in office for "most" of the decade.
Yes, that's correct. The opening song for the North American version of Gran Turismo (1997) was a Chemical Brothers remix of the Manic Street Preachers song "Everything Must Go".
'Cider with Rosie'
Elizabeth Taylor.
Harpo Marx.
Fernando Alonso on Renault.
The answer is: An American in Paris.
Bristol
David Armstrong-Jones, Viscount Linley. He is the son of Princess Margaret and the Earl of Snowdon. They were married on October 8, 1993.
The Gay Adventurer states that Percy Blakeney was better known as "that scourge of the French revolutionaries, the Scarlet Pimpernel."
To answer your question, we need to know who the first castaway to appear four times on "Desert Island Discs" is. According to the text provided earlier, it was not David Attenborough, as he became the second person to achieve this feat in 2012.  However, according to another part of the text, "Lots of castaways picked an item related to hygiene or personal grooming...". This is where we find a mention of Billy Connolly, but there's no information about who the first castaway to appear four times on the show was.
Igneous rock.
The document doesn't mention "Chicago Piano" as a slang term. However, it does mention "Chicago typewriter" or "chopper", which referred to the Thompson machine gun also known as "Tommy Gun".   It's worth noting that there is no mention of "Chicago Piano" in either the 1930s Slang document or the History of the Era document.
Pulsars, which are neutron stars that have collapsed from massive stars, emit energy in pulses due to their rapid rotation. They radiate light in multiple wavelengths, including radio waves, X-rays, and gamma-rays, with the beams of light sweeping across space as they spin.
The character who speaks the last words of the play is Malcolm. The final line of the play is: "Then I'll depart, and smother him with flowers" (spoken by Malcolm).
Iran.
Cyanide. According to the document, cyanide is highly volatile and can exist as a colorless liquid that boils slightly above room temperature (26°C), making it capable of being a gas, solid, or liquid. Its most infamous application was its use by the Nazi regime in Germany for mass murder during the Holocaust.
The Wash. According to the traditional account, King John's baggage train was attempting to cross the Wash when it was overwhelmed by a rising tide and the precious cargo, including the Crown Jewels, was lost amidst the quicksand and rising waters.
Jean-Francois Richet.
According to the text, the battle was fought near Stamford Bridge village, but there is no mention of a specific nearby city. However, based on the information provided, it can be inferred that the nearest major settlement or town might be York, as the Viking army had marched up the River Ouse and attacked York before being defeated at Stamford Bridge.
Al Hibbler was blind from birth.
The answer is: England (or Great Britain) for all five drivers mentioned.
The subject of the 1984 film 'A Private Function' is a pig.
Root beer. According to the text, "Did you know? Root beer was originally made using the root of a sassafras plant (or the bark of a sassafras tree) as the primary flavor."
Beaver. Castoreum is obtained from the castor sacs, which are scent glands located near the anus of beavers.
Lee Harvey Oswald's assassin, Jack Ruby.
There is no mention of either British Leyland or Seat producing a car model called "Routemaster" in the text. The Routemaster is actually a bus model, not a car. However, it's worth noting that there was a British Leyland company, Austin-Morris (which later became part of British Leyland), and they did produce several models of cars, but none of them were called "Routemaster".  But I think you might be thinking of the Skoda 105/120 series, which is often mistakenly referred to as the Seat 104 in some countries, due to a licensing deal with SEAT (from Spanish: Sociedad Española de Automóviles de Turismo)
The 1963 musical "Half a Sixpence" was based on H.G. Wells' novel "Kipps - The Story of a Simple Soul".
John Hurt. He played the role without pay.
Hermann Göring
Procurator Fiscal
Unfortunately, the provided documents do not contain information on the largest producer of kiwifruit in 2012. However, according to the document, in 1999, Italy was the largest producer of kiwifruit, surpassing New Zealand as the world's biggest kiwifruit producer.  To answer your question accurately, I would recommend checking external sources or updated information on kiwifruit production data for the year 2012.
Bobby Sands. He was elected as an MP on April 9, 1981, while still on strike and died on May 5, 1981, after refusing food for 66 days.
Steel Magnolias (1989) starred Julia Roberts, with Dolly Parton playing the role of Truvy Jones, the owner of the local beauty parlor.
Nick Hewer became the presenter of Countdown after Jeff Stelling left in 2012.
The acid with the chemical formula HNO3 is Nitric Acid.
According to the document, "F" denotes the Fresh Water Load Line.
Where the Wild Things Are.
Gerald Ford survived two assassination attempts by women (Lynette "Squeaky" Fromme and Sarah Jane Moore) within a 17-day period in September 1975.
It took 95 minutes to construct a Model T Ford in 1914.
The couple's names were Julius and Ethel Rosenberg.
Mars and Jupiter. According to the text, "the inner asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter is maintained by the gravity of the terrestrial planets and the giant planets."
Jared. (According to Genesis 5:20)
I couldn't find any information that links a world-famous hotel to the biscuit company, Huntley & Palmers. However, one possible connection is The Ritz Hotel in London, which was once part of the Ritz brand of biscuits and confectionery that were sold by Huntley & Palmers.
A spider (that wiggled and tickled inside her).
Indonesia
The passage provided appears to be related to the Miss Gay America pageant, not the traditional Miss America pageant. It describes the experiences of Miss Gay America 2011 throughout her year in office.  Therefore, there is no answer to the question about the current Miss America being crowned from an East Coast state.
Influence People.
William McKinley. He served as the 25th President of the United States from March 4, 1897, until his assassination on September 14, 1901, making him the first US President of the 20th century.
Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
According to the document, Lake Superior has the greatest surface area of any named freshwater lake in the world, with a total of 31,700 square miles (82,103 square kilometers). However, if considering Lake Michigan and Lake Huron as a single lake, then Lake Michigan-Huron would have the largest surface area at 45,410 square miles (117,611 square kilometers), making it technically the biggest freshwater lake by surface area.
The correct answer is: "March hare".  This phrase is derived from the March Hare's frantic behavior during its breeding season, but it has also become a metaphor for someone who appears mad or eccentric.
According to the article, Canada won 14 gold medals in the 2010 Winter Olympics.
The Neva River.
Nalanda University, located in Bahir, India, is considered to have been one of the largest collections of Buddhist literature in the ancient world.
Bleeding Gums Murphy, Dan Castellaneta (Homer Simpson), and Lisa Simpson can all play the saxophone in the show. However, Bleeding Gums was particularly known for his saxophone playing skills.
The Teapot Dome Scandal, also known as the Oil Reserves Scandal or Elk Hills Scandal, occurred in the early 1920s. It is mentioned that a cartoon depicting the scandal was created in 1924, but this refers to the fact that the scandal had become widely publicized by then, not that it actually occurred in 1924.  The actual event of the Teapot Dome Scandal took place from 1921-22, when Secretary Albert Bacon Fall secretly granted leases for federal oil reserves to Harry F. Sinclair and Edward L. Doheny.
The Merry Wives of Windsor.
Portsmouth.
The Bay City Rollers. According to the article, Les McKeown's group is called "Les McKeown's Legendary Bay City Rollers".
The answer is 18. When you add the digits of 18 (1+8), you get 9, and when you multiply the number by 2, you also get 36. But since 18 is the only two-digit number that equals twice its digit sum, it must be a special case. In this instance, when you double the sum of the digits (9) you get exactly 18.
Graham McPherson is better known as Suggs.
The measure of thermal resistance referred to is likely the "Thermal Resistance" (R) or more specifically, the Thermal Resistance Test, however given the context, it's likely referring to the Roman garment "Roman Togas", but more specifically " Roman Toque".  However, considering the options and general knowledge about this subject, I would say that the answer is likely "Tog".  The tog (or toga) was a type of traditional outer garment worn by ancient Romans. In the context of textiles and fabrics, it's possible that "tog" refers to a unit of measurement for thermal resistance in clothing.
The popular show that aired on the "Light Programme" aimed at home audiences from 1957 to 1961, with David Jacobs as presenter, was "Pick of the Pops", a chart show format.
North Downs Way. It goes from Farnham, Surrey to Dover in Kent and offers spectacular views and peaceful landscapes along the North Downs in Surrey & Kent.
A basset hound. According to the documents, this breed was used in Hush Puppies' branding and advertising.
Calvary
Schindler's Ark by Thomas Keneally (also published as Schindler's List).
King George II, who led his troops into battle at the Battle of Dettingen in 1743.
The Sudirman Cup is a challenge trophy contested by mixed teams in the sport of badminton.
The answer is Oscar Wilde. However, this quote is not specifically about J.D. Salinger or "The Catcher in the Rye".  However, the question seems unrelated to the text that was provided earlier, which were reviews and comments about "The Catcher in the Rye". If you would like, I can try to help with a different question based on the information provided earlier.
A hamlet. In the context of this Shakespearean reference, "playing dead" is an idiomatic expression equivalent to "playing Hamlet." This phrase likely originated from the play where a character might pretend to be dead (like in the title character's famous scene at the end). However, given that Hamlet isn't typically associated with animals or pretending to be one, it seems there must be some other phrase the question is getting at.
The opposite of nuclear fusion is nuclear fission.
Montana.
Dennis Taylor.
Otto Von Bismarck was the Prime Minister of Prussia from 1862 to 1873.
The first motor race to regularly carry the name Grand Prix took place in 1906 at Le Mans, France.
Catherine Parr was the wife of Henry VIII who had four husbands. However, this fact is related to Catherine Parr's previous marriages before she married Henry VIII, not after. But according to "Curious Facts", Catherine Parr indeed had four husbands in total.  According to "The Six Wives Of Henry VIII" and "Curious Facts" documents:  * Before marrying Henry VIII, Catherine Parr was married three times (the fourth husband is mentioned as Thomas Seymour). * After Henry VIII's death, she married Thomas Seymour, her fourth husband.
Herbert Hoover. He stated confidently in 1928 that America was "nearer to the final triumph over poverty than ever before" just a year before the crash.
The town of Marlborough is located in Wiltshire, England.
Poseidon. According to the text, Poseidon was the god of the sea, earthquakes, and horses, and he was married to Amphitrite. He also adopted the shape of a steed (horse) and was associated with bulls, as seen in the story of Minos's bull from the sea.
David Walliams
King Edward II of England. According to the text, he was pinned down to a bed, and a red-hot spit was inserted through his fundament, causing him immense agony before his death on September 21, 1327.
Unfortunately, the answer to your question cannot be found in the provided documents. The document does mention Mexico's change strip from 1978, but it does not provide information about the runners-up of that tournament.
Unfortunately, I don't see a direct answer to your question in the text. However, based on my general knowledge of the novel "Wuthering Heights", I can tell you that the waif Heathcliff is found and adopted by Mr. Earnshaw in Yorkshire, England.  If you would like, I can continue reading through the reviews for any specific information related to your question!
jewels (diamonds)
The answer is: The American League.  According to the text, "Although the younger of the two leagues by 25 years (and sometimes called the Junior Circuit), the American League has won 62 of the 106 World Series games played since 1903."
It seems like you've provided a large block of text about various sports and cycling events in 2009. There's no question related to the Trivial Pursuit board game at the end.  If you'd like to ask a question based on this text, I'll do my best to help.
The Earth orbits the Sun at an average distance of approximately 150 million kilometers.
William Tecumseh Sherman.
Pope Pius XII was the Pope from 1939 to 1958.
Barley wine can be either a beer or a distilled spirit, depending on how it's classified. However, based on its production process, it's typically considered a type of beer that has been strengthened to 7-12% alcohol content through secondary fermentation or aging in oak barrels, rather than being distilled from fermented barley like whiskey is. Therefore, I'd say that barley wine is primarily a type of beer.
Arthur Ransome.
Irving Berlin.
Pegasus.
The country that was briefly led by Emperor Maximilian, a puppet of France, was Mexico.
Anne of Cleves is sometimes referred to as the Flanders Mare, but this nickname is not supported by contemporary evidence. In fact, there is no record of Henry VIII calling her that himself, and it's likely that Gilbert Burnet, Bishop of Salisbury, coined the phrase in his 1679 book without basis in fact.
Architecture.
Hairspray.
The Gossamer Albatross.
Sir Richard Branson. He bought the Caribbean island of Necker in 1979.
Medicine
According to the text, when the article was written (July 22, 1982), Joan Rivers was 39 years old. Therefore, we can calculate her age at death:  Death: September 4, 2014 Birth: approximately 1975-76 (39 in 1982)  So, Joan Rivers was likely between 78 and 79 years old when she died in September 2014.
Ohio.
The fifth sport is fencing.
The Society of Dilettanti.
Shahrazad occupies the position of both storyteller and teacher throughout "Thousand and One Nights".
According to the provided documents, All Saints' Day is on November 1st.
The answer is not explicitly stated in the provided text. However, it can be inferred that the composer of the title music for Doctor Who was Ron Grainer, as mentioned in the biography note at the end of the article.  To provide a more accurate answer:   * The original theme tune for the first series (1963-64) was composed by Delia Derbyshire and her team at the BBC Radiophonic Workshop, working with composer Ron Grainer. * However, the most well-known version of the Doctor Who theme was written by Ron Grainer, but it was made famous by the work of Delia Derbyshire.  So, while Ron Grainer is often credited with composing the Doctor Who theme, Delia Derbyshire and her team at the Radiophonic Workshop played a significant role in its creation.
The Catholic Church, or more specifically the Vatican City State, is implied by the context of the question. The answer would be "the Vatican" or "the Catholic Church".
A Dandie Dinmont Terrier is a breed of dog.
The Daleks.
The answer to your question can be found in the document "Dahlia Classification" under Groups 5, 6, and 7.  The documents state:  * Group 5 Decorative Dahlias * Group 6 Ball Dahlias * Group 7 Pompon Dahlias (also known as Pompom)  So, the correct answer is: Those with types called 'Decorative', 'Ball' and 'Pompom' are Flower Forms.
According to the document, in New Zealand, "Aoraki" is the native name for Mount Cook (New Zealand's highest peak).
Trier (Roman sites)  The correct answer is Trier. Trier is a city located on the Moselle River in western Germany and is home to several UNESCO World Heritage Sites, including the Roman Empire's largest and most impressive collection of Roman monuments outside of Rome. One of these sites is the Porta Nigra, which is a well-preserved Roman city gate that was built around 170-180 AD during the reign of Emperor Septimius Severus.  The Porta Nigra is considered one of the best-preserved Roman city gates north of the Alps and is a testament to the engineering and architectural skills of the ancient Romans. It is part of the Trier UNESCO World Heritage Site, which also includes other notable Roman monuments such as the Imperial Baths, the Amphitheater, and the Roman Bridge.  Trier has been designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site since 1986, recognizing its importance as one of the most well-preserved collections of Roman architecture in Europe.
Sir Edwin Landseer.
Shaftesbury Avenue.
The answer is Hungary.  Hungary is a land-locked European country, but its teams have excelled in water polo (a sport that involves swimming) and fencing. The question states that Hungary holds the record for having won the most medals of any nation to never host the Olympics.
The answer cannot be determined based on the provided text. The text does mention that "Russia" is mentioned as a country in relation to Kazakhstan's east border, but it does not provide information about Russia's largest port city or any details related to the Golden Horn Bay and the Russian Pacific Fleet.
No one, Charles Clarke lost his seat.
A frog.
The term "Tonton Macoutes" translates to Uncle Gunnysack in English. It was a secret police force instituted by Francois Duvalier (Papa Doc) and used to control and terrify people, including kidnapping, lynching, and disappearance of those who opposed him or his regime.
The green ball is worth three points in snooker.
Prada is an Italian fashion house founded by the Prada brothers, Mario and Martino. The company's founder also includes their sister Luisa and her daughter Miuccia, who took over the helm after Luisa's death in 1978.
According to the document, Charles A. Lindbergh took off from Roosevelt Field at 7:52 a.m. on May 20, 1927, piloting the Spirit of St. Louis (a Ryan NYP monoplane) in an attempt to make the world's first solo non-stop flight across the Atlantic Ocean.
The director of the 1957 Oscar-winning film "Bridge on the River Kwai" was David Lean.
Anne Bancroft was not actually nominated for an Academy Award (Oscar) for her role as Mrs. Robinson in "The Graduate". However, she did receive five Best Actress nominations throughout her career.
The answer is: John.  In the title of a Shakespeare history play, it is "Henry VI" which features the earliest post-1066 king. However, I believe you are asking about the early Plantagenet kings.   A more correct answer would be Edward IV (Edward the Fourth), Henry V and Richard III, however, among these plays featuring Edward IV as a major character is part of "The Third Part of Henry VI"
Nestle Semi-Sweet Chocolate Morsels. According to the text, Nestle began including the Original Toll House Recipe on their packages in 1939, when they introduced Toll House Semi-Sweet Chocolate Morsels.
The first opera in Wagner's four-opera Ring Cycle is "Das Rheingold" (English translation: The Rhine Gold).
The answer is: Deuteronomy.  However, I need to clarify that the question was incomplete in your request. The original text did not mention Deuteronomy as part of the discussion about the books of the Old Testament. Nevertheless, according to the Hebrew Bible and most Christian traditions, Deuteronomy is considered the 5th book of the Torah (the first five books of the Bible), but often numbered as the 6th book in some lists, just before Joshua.
Captain James Cook.
The Altai Mountains.
The Indiana Jones film series features archaeology, ancient history, and anthropology. Specific sciences featured include:  * Archaeology: the discovery of lost artifacts and treasures * Geology: the study of ancient civilizations and their relationship to geological formations (e.g., the Lost Ark) * Anthropology: the study of human cultures and societies in different time periods (e.g., the cult worshipping Kali in Temple of Doom)  Additionally, the series also features pseudoscientific concepts such as:  * Supernatural elements (e.g., voodoo practices in Temple of Doom) * Mythological creatures (e.g., snakes in Raiders of the Lost Ark)
At a French McDonald's, it would be called "Royal Cheese".
Judas Iscariot was the disciple who betrayed Jesus. He identified Jesus with a kiss in a garden, leading armed men to seize him, and then received a bribe from the Jewish leaders for his help.
Volgograd.
The Russian term for an astronaut is cosmonaut (from the Greek words kosmos and nautis).
The two main animal characters in the Walt Disney cartoon "Lady and the Tramp" (released in 1955) are a female Cocker Spaniel named Lady and a male Mutt/Stray Dog named Tramp.
According to the text, "Picture This" by Blondie was the first single to be lifted from their third album Parallel Lines. However, it does not mention that Parallel Lines was a #1 album.  But it does mention that Parallel Lines made #1 in the UK, and also mentions that Eat To The Beat (their fourth studio album) made #1 in the UK and #17 in the US.   So while we can't confirm "Picture This" specifically being taken from the number one album, we know that both of Blondie's first two mentioned albums, Parallel Lines and Eat To The Beat, reached #1 in the UK.
There is no information provided about a BAFTA nominated British detective drama series that is set in Hastings during World War Two. The text provides information on various other TV series, including some that are mentioned as being BAFTA-nominated or winners, but it does not mention a specific series that matches the description given in the question.
New Zealand.
Ethiopia.
MC Hammer.
According to the document, the US state of Virginia was named after Queen Elizabeth I, also known as the "Virgin Queen" due to her never having married during her 44-year reign.
The text provided doesn't mention anything about cities in Montana, let alone cities starting with the letter "B". It appears to be a list of tropes from the TV show "Hannah Montana" with examples and references. If you're looking for information on cities in Montana, I'd be happy to help with that!
According to the document, James McAvoy plays the part of Charles Xavier in the 2011 film "X-Men: First Class".
George Bernard Shaw, an Irish playwright who won the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1925 and later won an Oscar (Best Screenplay) for the film Pygmalion.
Bullfighting. On 28 July 2010, Catalonia became another Spanish territory to forbid bullfighting. The ban, which went into effect on 1 January 2012, had originated in a popular petition supported by over 180,000 signatures.
Growing plants or gardening successfully. People with "green fingers" are expected to have a knack for making things grow and thrive, particularly in their garden or when caring for plants.
There is no mention of the quote "The secret of success is to get up early, work late and strike oil" in the provided text. The text appears to be a historical account of labor movements and politics in the United States from the 1970s to 2012.
According to the song lyrics, the girl met Jimmy (the leader of the pack) at the candy store.
They were examples of rotten boroughs.  Rotten Boroughs were parliamentary constituencies that had very small electorates (often as few as one or two voters) and were often controlled by local landowners. They lost their status in 1832 with the Reform Act, which aimed to reduce corruption and ensure more representative government by increasing the size of the electorate and redistributing seats based on population.  In the case of Brackley, Old Sarum, Dunwich, and Anstey (not Ansmither), they were among the most notorious rotten boroughs in England.
Cujo, a St. Bernard.
According to the text, Lennox Lewis was the last British-born World Heavyweight Boxing champion who held all four titles.
Stewart Granger.
The River Wear is the main river that meanders through the district from north to south and passes through the centre of the city of Durham.
Leningrad (now known as Saint Petersburg).
Laurus Nobilis is the Latin name for Bay Laurel, a type of evergreen tree commonly used as a seasoning in cooking.
Glasgow.
The term used in law to describe the state of those related through marriage is "civil affinity." According to the text, civil affinity refers to the relationship between spouses and their respective families.
The Turn of the Screw.
Justin Fletcher is the man behind Mr Tumble, Justin's House, and Gigglebiz personas.
The Frigatebird, specifically the Magnificent Frigatebird (Fregata magnificens), is also known as the "man-o'-war bird".
The document does not specify the name of the current President of Germany, but it does state that as of the time of writing, there are 9 female Prime Ministers in various countries, and one of them is in Germany. However, this does not necessarily mean that she is the President (Germany has a Chancellor system). Unfortunately, I couldn't find any information on the current President or Chancellor of Germany in the provided document.
Oberammergau.
Australia.
The collective name of the international agreements signed by all the member states of the European Community is "Acquis Communautaire" (also referred to as "acquis").
John Hurt.
The chemical symbol for manganese is Mn.
According to document #19 "Mythology character list", in Greek mythology, there are three powerful beings known as The Fates (also referred to as the Moirai), each with a specific role:  1. Clotho - Spins the thread of life 2. Lachesis - Assigns people their thread 3. Atropos - Snips thread of life upon death  So, there are 3 fates in Greek mythology.
1 square kilometer (km²) equals 1,000,000 square meters (m²).
The headquarters of the company H&M is in Stockholm, Sweden.
The term used to describe the layer between the Earth's crust and the core in geology is the "mantle".
Little Jimmy Osmond.
The "Railway King".
The text does not directly answer who the last British Formula One World Champion was. However, it does mention Mike Hawthorn, a British Ferrari driver, and Stirling Moss, another British driver. According to the text, after the 1958 Portuguese Grand Prix, Moss lost the championship title to Hawthorn by just one point.  A later document or outside knowledge would be required to confirm if there were any British Formula One World Champions after Mike Hawthorn's championship in 1958.
The answer is "decimate". It originally referred to reducing a group by one-tenth, but now it typically means to destroy or annihilate almost completely.
The correct answer is: The Belgian Revolution.  According to historical records, a performance of Daniel Auber's opera "La Muette de Portici" in Brussels on August 25, 1830, helped spark the Belgian Revolution, which ultimately led to Belgium gaining its independence from the Netherlands.
January 20.
Sri Lanka (formerly Ceylon) was the first country to elect a female prime minister in 1960. Sirimavo Bandaranaike became the Prime Minister of Sri Lanka on July 21, 1960.
There is no mention of Leopards in any of the documents provided. However, there is a reference to bulls being killed in bullfights.
John Hancock's signature dominates the Declaration of Independence.
Henry VII was King of England in 1505.
Melchester Rovers.
According to the text, Lazar Ludwik Zamenhof (not Ludwick) invented Esperanto.
The Fabian Society.
Dubliners is a collection of short stories by James Joyce, so the question should be rephrased to ask for the name of the collection. The correct answer would be:  The Dubliners
Fiat Professional. The documents mention "Designed, built and guaranteed directly by Fiat Professional" for the Ducato model.
The article does not provide information about who carried the British flag at the closing ceremony of the 2012 Olympic Games. However, it is mentioned that Sir Chris Hoy carried the Team GB flag at the opening ceremony and had previously carried the Union Jack at the Beijing Olympic Games in 2008 (closing ceremony, not opening ceremony).
John Williams composed the theme music for the film 'Jaws'.
Benedict Cumberbatch plays Sherlock Holmes and Martin Freeman plays Dr. John Watson.
The founder of the Peoples Temple church was James Warren Jones (1931-1978), also known as Jim Jones. He founded the church in Indiana in 1960 and later moved it to Jonestown, Guyana, where the tragic mass deaths occurred in 1978.
The International Gay Rights Congress, held in Edinburgh, Scotland in 1974, adopted the lambda (not the pink triangle) as their symbol for lesbian and gay rights. However, it was ACT-UP that used the pink triangle in the 1980s, which today represents pride, solidarity, and a promise to never allow another Holocaust to happen again, although this is not specifically linked to an international movement.
Castle Howard. According to Eleanor Course, a media representative who has worked at Castle Howard, "What clinched it for us were three rooms that had been left untouched, apart from being cleaned up, since the 1940 fire... They'd been used as lumber, or storage, rooms. Lack of the necessary finance to refurbish them meant they had been left in a completely dilapidated state - just as they were found after the fire."
Kensington Gore, London SW7 2AP.
Battle
The Edwardian period (1901-1910) was seen as the golden age for the upper class in Britain. This period is named after King Edward VII, who ascended to the throne in 1901 and reigned until his death in 1910.
Joey.
The King's Evil was an infection of the lymph nodes, specifically scrofula (tuberculosis), that resulted in painless, black lesions on the neck. It was said to be curable by the touch of a king or queen, although its effectiveness is uncertain and may have been due to the placebo effect.
The river on which Lisbon stands is the Tagus River.
Salem.
The snow leopard.
The Sex Pistols sang "God Save the Queen".
According to the text, the UK (England and Wales) decriminalized sodomy in 1967.
World Cup Willie.
Archaeology. Sir Mortimer Wheeler is noted as one of the best-known British archaeologists of the twentieth century, and his work helped to popularize the field through television and radio appearances.
Dooley Wilson, an African-American actor from Tyler, Texas, played the role of Sam, the piano player, who sang "As Time Goes By" in the 1942 film Casablanca.
Ernest Hemingway wrote "A Farewell to Arms" (published 1929), "For Whom the Bell Tolls" (1940), and was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for "The Old Man and the Sea" (1952) as well as the Nobel Prize in Literature.
There is no mention of "cynanthropy" in the provided document. Cynanthropy is actually a rare delusional disorder where individuals believe they are an animal, not a person. If you would like to know more about this topic or get help with a different question, please let me know!
Unfortunately, there is no mention of an island being associated with King Pygmalion in the provided documents. However, we do know that according to Ovid's "Metamorphoses, Book X", Paphos, a city on the island of Cyprus, was named after the daughter of Pygmalion and his wife Galatea.
Quartz. According to the documents, both Citrine and Amethyst are varieties of the mineral Quartz.
Kathryn Bigelow. She became the first woman to win the Best Director Oscar for this film at the 2010 Oscars.
Based on the text provided, I would answer:  Coreopsis species.  This is because Coreopsis plants are described as having "profusely blooming flowers" that stand above the foliage on long, wirey stems, and they come in a variety of colors including yellow, orange, and dark red.
Elizabeth Mainwaring.
Police Commander Cressida Dick, not Police Commander. According to the text, she was in charge of Gold Command and subsequently was promoted.
The term used when a sitting MP is removed as the candidate for a forthcoming election is "deselected". This can occur due to various reasons such as controversies surrounding their private life or expenses claims, as seen in the case of Jim Devine mentioned in the article.
The Eurasian Badger, also known as the European or British Badger.
Miriam.
Based on the provided documents, I can infer that Cerberus (Greek mythology) and "Santa's Little Helper" (from The Simpsons) were both examples of a Pit Bull Terrier.   According to question #5 in the document: "What type of dog originally from the US can't be imported, bred or sold in the UK?" The answer is "Pit Bull Terrier".
The question about the South American country extending the furthest east is not relevant to the text provided, which discusses the 10 largest lakes in the world. However, I can tell you that according to general knowledge, Brazil is often considered the country in South America that extends the furthest east, bordering the Atlantic Ocean.
The Camden Town Group.
US postage stamp.
Alessandro Volta, an Italian physicist, invented the first electric battery, known as the voltaic pile, in 1800.
Chevrolet.
Kepler's three laws of planetary motion are:  1. The path of a planet about the sun is elliptical in shape. 2. An imaginary line drawn from the center of the sun to the center of a planet will sweep out equal areas in equal intervals of time. 3. The ratio of the squares of the periods of any two planets is equal to the ratio of the cubes of their average distances from the sun.
Estee Lauder.
Robert Lindsay played the title role of Wolfie Smith in the TV sitcom Citizen Smith.
Alice. She sat down uninvited and joined their tea party under the tree outside the March Hare's house.
All three emperors - Trajan, Titus, and Nerva - were part of the "Five Good Emperors".
Buttercup.
There is no specific mention of the term "C" in relation to making or selling candles. However, according to the text, monks or nuns may be assigned tasks such as making candles for sale by hand. The task itself is not referred to with a specific name, but it is mentioned that the monastery might sell candles among other religious items.
The triple jump.
Yugoslavia.
The M4 Sherman was the main American tank used during World War II.
The Occupy Wall Street (OWS) movement, which began in September 2011 and was a national response to income inequality and economic issues. The slogan "We are the 99%" referred to the idea that the vast majority of Americans were being unfairly affected by corporate power and wealth disparities, while only a small percentage of people held most of the wealth (the "1%").
The Delaware River.
The Rose Bowl. According to the article, it was first held in 1902 and had a gap until 1916 when it became a continuous event. It's also referred to as "the Granddaddy of them all" by Ellen Silky, a Stanford fan.
The answer is: 1929
The article does not mention who the winner of the BBC Sports Personality of the Year 2012 award was. It only provides information about the expert panel that determined the shortlist and the voting process for the award.
The comic actor who played the role of the amorous undertaker, Archie Shuttleworth, in Coronation Street was Roy Hudd.
Empathy
This question cannot be answered based on the provided documents about CS Lewis's biography and writings. The answer to what ADD stands for can be found elsewhere.
eBay.
According to the document, Mulhacen is situated in the Sierra Nevada National Park, and more specifically, it is described as having a range of altitudes "from 800m to 3482m".
The answer is: The Load Line Disc.  According to the text, "S - Summer", "T - Tropical", "W - Winter", "F - Fresh Water", and "WNA - Winter North Atlantic" are marked on the Load Line Disc. The letters TF (Timber Fresh Water) are not directly mentioned as part of the Load Line Disc markings, but rather as an additional marking above or below one of the load lines (LT or F).
According to the document, the European Union made catalytic converters compulsory on all new cars sold in Europe in 1992. However, it does not specify a particular country as the first to introduce this requirement.  However, based on the document's information that "Cars in Germany, Sweden and Switzerland were first fitted with catalytic converters in 1985", it can be inferred that one of these countries was likely among the first to make catalytic converters compulsory.
Stephen Tompkinson plays Detective Chief Inspector (not Inspector) Alan Banks in the ITV series 'DCI Banks'. The correct rank is DCI, not DI.
The Metropolitan Police Department of London (Scotland Yard) was formed later, in 1829. According to the documents, author Henry Fielding introduced a forerunner of the CID, but more specifically, he established the Bow Street Runners in London in 1749, which is considered a precursor to modern police services.
According to the text, Paul Ince became the first black person to captain an England football team in June 1993 when David Platt was injured.
A Krait is a type of venomous snake, specifically the sea krait.
The First Minister of Scotland.
the alphabet
Jamaica
John Keats, in his poem "Ode On A Grecian Urn," written in 1819.
The answer is not explicitly mentioned in the provided text snippet. However, based on the provided information, it appears that D.A.T.T. is an abbreviation that stands for "Dice and Table Tennis", but that's not the sport we are looking for.  Unfortunately, I couldn't find any mention of bar skittles or table skittles with the alternative name D.A.T.T. in the text. If you could provide more information or context about D.A.T.T., I may be able to help further.
John Reginald Christie. He was a British serial killer who murdered at least eight women, including his own wife, between the 1940s and 1950s, and stored their bodies on his property in 10 Rillington Place.
Willie Carson.
Barbara Castle, Baroness Castle of Blackburn PC, GCOT.
The building where monks live and work is called an "abbey". Specifically, Mount St Bernard is referred to as a monastery, but it has abbey status. In this context, both terms are used interchangeably, but "abbey" typically implies a larger or more formal monastic community.
Squadra Toro Rosso.
Sirte. According to the documents, Sirte is the Libyan city where Colonel Gaddafi was fighting his last stand alongside two of his sons, Mutassim and Saif al-Islam, before being captured and ultimately killed.
General William Tecumseh Sherman.
Swiss. According to the article, Sepp Blatter is 79 years old and has been re-elected as president of FIFA. His age and reaction speech suggest that he was born in Switzerland.
Indonesia.
There is no mention of Fulham reaching the FA Cup Final in 2011. However, I can answer based on the text that the team did reach the UEFA Europa League Final but lost to Atletico Madrid in 2010.
The ITV crime drama series that stars Brenda Blethyn as a Detective Chief Inspector is Vera.
The text does not provide information about who won the Open Golf Championship. However, it does mention that Charl Schwartzel is seeking his first home victory in the South African Open Championship.  If you are looking for information on who the last South African winner of the Open Golf Championship was, I can try to help with some general knowledge:  Gary Player (South Africa) won the Open Golf Championship 5 times: in 1959, 1968, 1974, 1979 and in 1980
Danny Boyle.
Sinclair Lewis.
According to the text, Martini & Rossi is a brand of red vermouth and dry vermouth. It's also mentioned as being an Italian brand that exemplifies the American conception of red vermouth (sweet and mildly herbal).
Frida Kahlo. According to the documents, Frida Kahlo was the wife of Diego Rivera, whom he met and married in 1929.
The Gulf of Aqaba is an inlet of the Red Sea.
The Goon Show. Specifically, in Series 5, Episode 3, "The Dreaded Batter Pudding Hurler (Of Bexhill-On-Sea)".
According to the documents, Millefiori is an ancient glasswork technique that has been applied on polymer clay. Specifically, it is mentioned that this technique gives the Hamsa Hand its colorful, radiant look and produces distinctive polished patterns on glassware, which are now being created on polymer clay as well.
Buster Keaton.
According to the documents, Mount Qomolangma is the official name of the mountain in Tibet.
The Up Series.
The correct answer is "A" (All Clear or "All Right").   However, it's worth noting that in semaphore signalling systems, the arms are typically painted differently to represent different signals. The usual colours and their meanings are:  - Red and White: Danger - Yellow: Caution - Green: All Clear
Friedrich Engels. According to the article, he was a young socialist who joined Marx in writing the Communist Manifesto.
India and Myanmar (also known as Burma). According to the documents, the Mergui Archipelago (Myanmar) and the Andaman Islands (India) are mentioned together. Additionally, it's stated that "Burma's Mergui Archipelago is included as part of Thailand" for diving purposes, but this does not affect the political boundaries between India and Myanmar.
Yorkshire. According to the document, Yorkshire is nicknamed 'God's Own County'.
Black Friday.
Actually, according to the provided text from The Bible, it was not Aaron but "the people" (or Israelites) who urged Moses' absence and then pressed Aaron into crafting the golden calf, which he did under pressure.
Unfortunately, the provided documents do not explicitly mention an area called "Sole" in the Shipping Forecast. However, based on the document's list of sea areas, I can try to help you determine which area might be south of a hypothetical area called "Sole".  The sea areas mentioned in the documents are listed in roughly clockwise order from the north-east:  1. Irish Sea 2. Shannon (south-west area of Ireland) 3. Rockall (offshore area west of Ireland, north of Shannon)  Since there is no explicit mention of an area called "Sole", I can only provide a possible inference based on the areas listed above. If we assume that "Sole" lies north-east of Shannon and south of Rockall, then the Shipping Forecast area that might lie south of Sole would likely be Rockall.
Scientology.
The village of Chibok is located in Borno state, northeastern Nigeria.
The State of Israel.
The answer is: The Mekong River.  Phnom Penh is situated at the confluence of the Mekong and Tonle Sap rivers.
Aqueous humor. According to the document, "produces aqueous humor" and it also states that aqueous humor fills the space between the lens and the cornea.
The author of the book "A Bridge Too Far" is Cornelius Ryan.
Oliver Cromwell.
The Nebuchadnezzar can hold around 16 liters (equal to 20 standards) and measures about 31" tall.
Unfortunately, there is no mention of the phrase "Forces grey out, forces white in" as a product advertisement in the provided text. However, it's worth noting that this appears to be a reference to Pears Soap, given its context and connection to Thomas J. Barratt's advertising campaigns, but without further information or confirmation from the text, I cannot provide a definitive answer.
Argentina.
County Durham.
Marat Safin is Russian. He was born in Moscow to Tatar parents, but he identifies as a Muslim and considers himself 100% Russian.
William Walton.
According to the text, 1998 was the Chinese year of the Tiger.
The Louis XIII style, a fashion in French art and architecture, was influenced by the regency of Marie de' Medici under her son Louis XIII's reign from 1610-1643.
All Fools' Day.
According to the article, Nena sang about 99 "Luftballons" (which translates to "red balloons") in her song released in 1983. However, it's worth noting that she later sang about "red balloons" in an English version of the song, which became a global hit and included lyrics such as "Panic lads, it's a red alert".
The tongue.
According to the documents, Americans refer to both "buggy" (in British English) and "pushchair" as a "stroller".
Do They Know It's Christmas? by Band Aid (1984) is not mentioned.   The answer would be:  1988 - "Do They Know It's Christmas?" was a one-off performance of the song so it must refer to  Do They Know It's Christmas?'s re-release in 1989 and thus '88 must have been another single topping Xmas charts,  and for that year:  Mistletoe And Wine by Cliff Richard topped the 1988 Christmas Charts.  1990 - Mistletoe And Wine by Cliff Richard also topped the 1990 christmas charts.
According to the documents, the city of Odessa is located on the Black Sea.
Eleanor of Aquitaine.
Auguste Rodin.
The phrase "Kia Ora" comes from the Maori language, which is an official language of New Zealand. It is a traditional Maori greeting meaning "hello" and can also be used to mean "thank you".
In heraldry, a wyvern is the most common of the draconic heraldic symbols, often depicted as an evil dragon in bestiaries. It is typically shown with scales, a forked tongue, a spiked back, and a whip-like tail, and is believed to symbolize power, strength, and great eyesight.
Venice in 1637, specifically at the Teatro San Cassiano.
Attila the Hun had the nickname "The Scourge of God".
The New York Times has won the most Pulitzer Prizes for journalism. However, the number of Pulitzers won by The New York Times is not specified in the provided text.
The River Stour.
The answer is Flash Memory.
John Simm played Dr. Alec Jeffreys, the discoverer of genetic fingerprinting, in the ITV drama "Code of a Killer".
You would find the song "There Is Nothing Like a Dame" in the musical "South Pacific".
Betty Ford, the wife of President Gerald R. Ford, opened the Betty Ford Center in Rancho Mirage, California, a live-in treatment program for alcoholics and drug abusers.
There is no mention of the TV comedy series "Frasier" in the text provided. The text only mentions the TV series "Person Of Interest", but it does not mention "Frasier".   If you're looking for information about "Frasier", I can tell you that it's a sitcom set in Seattle, Washington, and follows the life of Dr. Frasier Crane as he moves back to his hometown from Boston.
It seems like you've provided a massive list of definitions and concepts from various fields, including politics, law, economics, history, and sociology. I'll do my best to help you with each one.  Here are the answers:  1. **Collective goods**: The general goods of all people in a given community. 2. **Powell v. Alabama**: The court held that in capital cases, the 6th amendment requires states to provide counsel for indigent defendants. 3. **Checks and Balances**: The system where each branch of government exercises some control on the others. 4. **Quebec province in Canada illustrates**: Political conflict in a federal system. 5. **Parties contribute to the democratic process by**: 	* Simplifying the electoral system 	* Finding and developing new talent 	* Focusing responsibility 6. **1824 presidential election**: The first one where the candidate with the greatest popular vote (Jackson) failed to be elected president. 7. **Libel**: A false statement that harms someone's reputation, often resulting in a lawsuit for defamation. 8. **Natural Rights**: One's inherent rights, including life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. 9. **Constituents**: Residents of their districts or states. 10. **Indigent**: Lacking the necessities of life due to poverty. 11. **Weber's model**: Bureaucracies function like efficient machines. 12. **Opposition research**: Investigation into an opponent's background, often for the purpose of exploiting weaknesses or undermining credibility. 13. **MacArthur crosses 38th parallel into North Korea**: A significant event in the Korean War. 14. **Stare decisis**: The doctrine of legal precedent, "let the decision stand." 15. **Libertarianism**: A modern revival of the classic liberal tradition that favors small government in all areas of public policy. 16. **Seditious speech**: Speech that is harmfully anti-government. 17. **Pacted Transition**: A democratic transition where pacts or agreements among elites permit the establishment of democratic government. 18. **Highest growing ethnic race in America**: Latinos, 13%. 19. **Resource Extraction**: The practice of locating, acquiring, and selling natural resources. 20. **Aggravating circumstances**: Factors introduced by the prosecution in a capital case to increase the severity of the punishment. 21. **Outside strategies**: Strategies where interest group leaders appeal to the public for support to pressure decision-makers on public policies. 22. **Talk radio**: A format featuring conversations, interviews, and call-ins from listeners. 23. **Recreational research**: Research conducted to satisfy intellectual curiosity and gain a better understanding of the universe. 24. **By-product theory**: Group leaders overcome the free rider problem by offering selective benefits or coercive incentives (Mancur Olson). 25. **Antonin Scalia**: A member of the current Supreme Court who has been quoted as saying, "The Constitution is not a living organism, it is a legal document." 26. **Symbiotic relationship**: A relationship between two entities where they benefit from each other's existence. 27. **Dual Sovereignty**: The theory of federalism where both national government and states have final authority over their own policy domains. 28. **Structural Adjustment Program (SAP)**: A program administered by international financial institutions that offers loans at favorable interest rates to governments facing debt problems if they adopt the Washington Consensus policies. 29. **Social Contract**: An agreement among members of a society to form and recognize the authority of centralized government. 30. **Third Amendment**: Prohibits quartering troops in houses against owners' will, except in times of war. 31. **56 men signed the Declaration of Independence**. 32. **International Court of Justice (ICJ)**: The primary judicial organ of the United Nations, primarily responsible for settling legal disputes between states. 33. **Strike**: To choose from a given panel the persons to serve on a jury. 34. **Party Theory Program**: Supports conflict contagion, easy voting accessibility, strengthens party organizations, imposes party discipline, provides clear choices, and concentrates power in the winning majority. 35. **Blogosphere**: A community or social network of blogs in a given time period. 36. **Theory definition**: A simplified view of the world that allows us to describe, explain, and make predictions. 37. **5 Presidents over Vietnam War**: Truman, Eisenhower, Kennedy, Johnson, Nixon. 38. **Parties and party systems in Eastern Europe developed differently due to communism**: 	* No experience with democracy 	* Weak link between parties and the electorate 39. **Example of an opinion leader**: A speech made by Sarah Palin. 40. **Collective Responsibility**: The convention where the Cabinet as a group will defend, explain, and take responsibility for the actions of the government in Parliament. 41. **Plato's views on man**: Rational by nature. 42. **Article 1 of Constitution**: Describes the powers of Congress, establishes manner of elections, and qualifications of members of each House. 43. **State of Nature**: The condition of human beings without government. 44. **Concurring opinion**: A judge agrees but for a different reason. 45. **Challenge or cause**: To take formal exception to a juror. 46. **Positive Rights**: Rights to services or benefits, such as education, healthcare, and employment. 47. **Liberals think that a strong economy is the key to national success**. 48. **"Cheney's law" frontline video (PBS)**: Giving the President unlimited power and keeping Congress from infringing on the powers. 49. **In a parliamentary system, the executive**: Is chosen by the legislature. 50. **Purchasing Power Parity**: A measure of per capita income that shows the purchasing power of an income instead of its worth at current exchange rates. 51. **Marbury vs. Madison**: Dealt with the judiciary act of 1789 and the writ of mandamus, ending the power of any federal court to declare federal or state laws (or executive actions) unconstitutional. 52. **Liberties taken by the President due to 9/11**: 	* Wiretapping 	* Suspension of habeas corpus 	* Secrecy in the White House 53. **Security Council**: The true center of power in the United Nations. 54. **3 Reasons for European Imperialism**: 	1. Search for sea-borne trade routes to Asia (due to 1453) 	2. Strengthening the European home country 	3. European superiority in technology 55. **Agenda building is ______________**: "delaying or obstructing legislation by means of prolonged speeches, motions, or amendments"  Please let me know if I've missed any questions or if you'd like further clarification on any of these answers!
Sicily, with a land area of 25,662 sq km, is the largest island in the Mediterranean Sea.
Israel. According to the documents, Uziel Gal, an Israeli army captain, designed the UZI in 1950, and Israel Military Industries (IMI), later privatized as Israel Weapon Industries (IWI), is its original manufacturer and continues to produce and develop it.
Sigmund Freud.
The word you are looking for is "rhomb". According to the document, a rhomb is defined as "a parallelogram with four equal sides; an oblique-angled equilateral parallelogram."
According to the documents, Ganymede orbits Jupiter.
The Young Apprentice.
Theoretical particle physics.
The Crimean War was fought between Britain, France, and Turkey (the Ottoman Empire) on one side, against Russia.
Paisley, an industrial Renfrewshire town to the south-west of Glasgow.
The question does not specifically mention a formation in a particular decade, but it is known that both Lancashire (1879) and Yorkshire (1863) County Cricket Clubs have their origins in the 19th century.  However, the exact decades are as follows:  * Lancashire: The club was formally established in 1864, but its early history dates back to 1816. So, it is associated with the early part of the 19th century. * Yorkshire: It was founded in 1863.
Edward IV.   According to the text, it is mentioned that "There is a very slight possibility that we have a clue to the name of Richard's mistress (or one of them), in a grant by Richard in 1477 to Katherine Haute... and her Christian name is of course that of Richard's illegitimate daughter, an uncommon one in the Yorkist Neville families." However, this is not related to the question.
According to the provided text, the knight is the only chess piece that can jump over other pieces. Its move is described as an "L" shaped movement, where it moves two squares either forward, backward, left, or right and then one square left or right.
The god Frey (also spelled Freyr) in Norse mythology was associated with peace and fertility, rain, and sunshine. He was also the ruler of good fortune, happiness, and prosperity.
Feeble. The surname of the main character, Eric Feeble, is mentioned several times in the review.
The Super Bowl is the USA national championship game that fits this description.
South Africa.
The type of fish used in the Scottish dish 'Cullen Skink' is smoked whiting, although traditionally it is made with smoked haddock.
Feeble.
The Tulliver family lives at Dorlcote Mill in the novel "The Mill on the Floss" by George Eliot.
General J. C. Smuts, also known as Jan Christiaan Smuts, served as the Prime Minister of South Africa from September 5, 1939 to June 4, 1948. He led the country through most of World War II and played a key role in its defense efforts.
The question doesn't match the provided text. However, based on the information provided:  Georgia is mentioned as Katie Melua's birthplace, and it is also stated that her uncles played Queen's music when she was a child. Georgia is now an independent country.  So, the answer would be: Georgia (or the Georgian Soviet Socialist Republic, which existed from 1921 to 1990).
According to the document, a desiccant induces or sustains a state of dryness (desiccation) in its vicinity.
According to the quote from Ogden Nash's poem "Sins of Omission," nothing specifically is said to be the thief of time. However, the authors mention a phrase in passing: "time" is mentioned as being stolen by procrastination, but there isn't a direct answer to what the popular saying refers to as the thief of time.
The document doesn't specifically mention the continent where the Mekong River rises, but based on general knowledge and geographical information, the Mekong River originates in the Tibetan Plateau of Asia (which is often referred to as a plateau rather than a river source) and then flows through several countries before emptying into the South China Sea. However, it can be inferred that since the Tibetan Plateau is located in Asia, the continent where the Mekong River rises would also be Asia.
A bird. Specifically, a large, flightless bird native to New Zealand.
Juan Manuel Fangio.
Ireland. According to the article, "A 'No' vote on the Lisbon Treaty... would stop it coming into force across the 27-nation community" and it is implied that Ireland is the only country mentioned as holding a referendum on the treaty, with the other countries having completed their ratification process.
"Without You"
MTV (Music Television).
The element is Sodium (Na), and it derives from the Latin "Natrium" for "natron (soda in English)".
According to the article, Elaine Bookbinder is the birth name of Elkie Brooks, a Lancashire-born (not Mancunian) singer.
"All My Yesterdays" is the autobiography of Edward G. Robinson.
According to the document "The Traditional Chinese New Year" and "Evolution of Spring Festival", each new year is marked by one of the 12 zodiacal animals: the rat, ox, tiger, rabbit, dragon, snake, horse, sheep, monkey, rooster, dog, and pig.  To determine which animal it is the year of, we need to know the specific year. Unfortunately, the provided text does not specify the current year. However, I can suggest a possible way to find out:  You can look up the Chinese zodiac calendar online or consult a Chinese calendar for the current year. Typically, the Chinese New Year falls on the second new moon after the winter solstice, which usually occurs between January 21 and February 20.
There is no mention of a cup being awarded for the Men's Singles at the French Open. The text actually talks about the Men's Singles trophy being awarded at Wimbledon, which is the All England Lawn Tennis Club Single Handed Championship of the World, and that it has been awarded since 1887.  However, I can tell you that the winner of the Men's Singles at the French Open is presented with a trophy called the Coupe des Mousquetaires (also known as the Coupe du Grand Cheval).
Motor oil.
Socrates
The Dandie Dinmont terrier. It was named after the fictional character Mr. Dandie Dinmont in Sir Walter Scott's 1814 novel "Guy Mannering".
The answer is "Lingua Franca". However, the question seems to be asking for an Italian term that was adopted into English, referring specifically to a mixed language enabling communication between different national groups.  A more specific and accurate answer would be "Patois", but according to the provided documents, Ludwik Lejzer Zamenhof (Ludwig Lazarus Zamenhof) did have an interest in Italian, Spanish, and Lithuanian languages. A term that is indeed related to this context is actually "Franca" itself being part of "Lingua Franca", but a more specific Italian term that was adopted into English could be "Patois", no... it's actually not the correct answer.  The correct answer would be "Lingua Franca", however, another accurate answer related to this context is "Neutralsprache" but in Italian it's called "lingua franca", and in English we can find the word adopted from that Italian term: "Lingua Franca".
The Battle of Tewkesbury was fought in what is now the town of Tewkesbury, Gloucestershire, England, near the River Severn.
The Battle of Cabin Creek took place in the American Civil War.
Trilby.
Leisure.
Unfortunately, there is no information in the provided documents that answers this question. However, I can suggest some possible sources where you may find the answer:  * The Wikipedia page on "Paris, Texas (band)" * Music databases such as Discogs or AllMusic * Articles about music groups named after movies or literature
The 2006 film "Once", starring Glen Hansard as a busker, is set in Dublin.
Cavitation. It occurs when the fluid pressure drops below its vapour pressure, allowing the formation and subsequent collapse of vapour bubbles in the pumped fluid.
According to the document, Albert is one of the middle names of the person being referred to. It states that "He was known to his family as Bertie, but his full name was Albert Christian Edward". This suggests that Albert is a middle name, not a forename.  So, the correct answer would be: Queen Victoria's husband
According to The Free Dictionary, the capital of Gabon is Libreville.
Rigoletto.
Mars and Jupiter. According to the text, "In our solar system, the inner asteroid belt... is maintained by the gravity of the terrestrial planets and the giant planets."
Thomas Jefferson was the acknowledged author of the Declaration of Independence text, working on the first draft for over two weeks before it was revised by others and approved by Congress.
The alveoli are found in the lungs. They branch off from the bronchioles and are responsible for gas exchange, allowing oxygen to diffuse into the bloodstream and carbon dioxide to be removed.
Absolutely Fabulous.
According to the provided documents, Elijah was the prophet who was taken up to Heaven in a fiery chariot (Elijah's Fiery Chariot).
Unfortunately, the question "Which series of books were illustrated by E.M. Shepherd?" is not answered in the text provided. The text appears to be a collection of trivia and background information about various characters and books from the Oz series, but it does not provide an answer to this specific question.  However, I can try to help you find the answer if you would like!
Love's Labour's Lost.
Portia in The Merchant of Venice.
Suriname
Mark Cavendish, a member of the 2009 Team GB track cycling squad, won this year's (2009) Milan-San Remo cycle race on March 23.
The aardvark is known as the "earth pig".
Mary Baker Eddy (formerly known as Mary Baker Glover) founded the Christian Science Church in 1879, after publishing her book "Science and Health" in 1875. She was previously treated by Phineas Parkhurst Quimby for a spinal problem using his healing approach based on Mesmer's ideas of animal magnetism.
Newfoundland and Labrador.
Basketball. The award is presented to the best European basketball player regardless of where he plays in the world.
There is no answer in the provided documents that directly states the country with a "tri-colour" flag. However, based on general knowledge, it is likely that you are referring to France or Italy, both of whom have national flags commonly known as tri-colours due to their vertical stripes of three colours: red, white, and blue (France) or green, white, and red (Italy).
Saint Kitts and Nevis.
Wall Street: Money Never Sleeps (2010) is a sequel to the 1987 film "Wall Street".
David Trimble was elected as the First Minister (Designate) at the first meeting of the Assembly on 1 July 1998.
The 1968 film "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang" features the characters Caractacus Potts and Truly Scrumptious.
Reginald
Butterflies primarily taste with their feet. They also have a secondary means of tasting with their proboscis (an elongated part of the mouth).
Lon Chaney Jr. plays the role of Larry Talbot, also known as the Wolf Man, in the 1941 horror film 'The Wolf Man'.
Chief Wiggum's son, Ralph Wiggum, is not mentioned as the originator of this phrase. According to the given documents, the phrase "Don't have a cow" was made famous in the television show, The Simpsons, but it does not specify who specifically said it. However, based on general knowledge and common association with the phrase, Homer Simpson is often cited as saying or referencing the phrase "Don't have a cow, man."
The first name of the wife of Bill Gates is Melinda.
According to the documents, Winchester was the capital of the Wessex kingdom.
This question doesn't seem related to Nancy Reagan or the text you provided earlier. However, based on your hint about "Dr. No" and James Bond, I'll provide a possible answer.  The person whose interview in Life magazine is said to have led to an upsurge in the sales of James Bond books is:  Fidel Castro  According to some sources, Fidel Castro's interview with Life magazine in 1962 mentioned that he would like to have a James Bond-like agent on his staff.
Japan.
Spencer Tracy's last film was "Guess Who's Coming to Dinner" in 1967.
Hannah Montana.
Spencer Perceval, the Prime Minister of Britain.
The United States. According to the article, "the US Presidents Guest House is more commonly known" as Blair House.
Henri Rousseau.
Fay Wray played Ann Darrow in the 1933 film 'King Kong'.
Ebro.
Nisan 1 is referred to as Rosh Chodashim, or "the head of the months", but it can also be called various other names such as:  * Rosh Hashanah (Tishri 1) is another main Jewish New Year * The month of Nisan is sometimes simply called Nisan  However, there isn't a single specific name given to the Jewish New Year.
New things.
Denmark.
Henry VII (King Henry Tudor), who was also known as the founder of the Tudor Dynasty. He was the son of Edmund Tudor, 1st Earl of Richmond and Margaret Beaufort, not through marriage to Elizabeth of York as stated in the article, but rather through his mother's line, making him a distant relative of the Lancastrian and Yorkist houses.
The answer to the question is: Coconut.  "Nariyal" is mentioned in the document "Indian Food Facts - Know Your Food Today: Coconut - Nariyal - Thengaai" as an alternative name for coconut. In fact, the title of the document itself says "Nariyal - Thengaai - Coconut".
Buttermilk.
Will Ferrell plays the title character, Buddy Hobbs, in the film "Elf".
Bulimia. According to The Free Dictionary, the word "bulimia" comes from New Latin and Greek boulimia, which means "ox hunger", derived from bous (ox) + limos (hunger).
The Opera Cake is believed to have originated in France. According to the article, one theory suggests it was invented by Parisian patisserie Dalloyau in the mid-1950s, and another story claims it was devised by the Paris Opera itself in the late 1890s. Both stories point to its French origins.
According to the documents, Tonitrophobia is the fear of thunderstorms, which includes thunder, lightning, gales, heavy rain, and hail.
Flora was the Roman Goddess of Flowers.
Deciduous trees, including oak trees (except for evergreen species), maple trees, fruit and nut trees such as plum, cherry, crabapple, and walnut, as well as many other species like horsechestnut, buckeye, sweetgum, and birch.
David Lean
Sean Penn was Madonna's first husband. They were married from 1985 to 1989.
The answer is Newport, which appears in the text as "Sketches in Ireland - Newport Mayo". However, I'm assuming you're looking for an Asian city.  After re-reading the text, I found that the city of Newport does not appear to be the correct answer. Instead, I noticed a reference to a ship called the "Ingermanland" and another ship called the "Rodney", which is likely named after Rodney Island, but then I noticed that there's also a mention of an "Enamelled Pearl, Glass adn Papier Mache Chess Table Presented to Prince Albert at Osborne House". However, in this context, it's not about the table or Osborne House. There's another reference to a ship called the "Superb", and yet another to a ship called the "Canopus".  But then I found it - an Asian city that shares its name with a river on the Isle of Wight: Borneo (Bruni) Proper, but more specifically, the word "borne" means born or birth. However, a city called Newport doesn't match this description.  Then I noticed another mention of a ship passing the Queen, Sir John Wests flag Ship, Albion, Vanguard, Rodney, Canopus, Superb, President 50, and Daring, but then it was clear that Rodney Island is indeed named after George Brydges Rodney (1st Baron Rodney), and in turn, there's another city called Borneo Proper, and another one with the word "borne" meaning born. However, I still couldn't find an Asian city sharing its name with a river on the Isle of Wight.  After reviewing all the text again, I found that it was actually about ships passing each other, but there's one more thing - a ship called the "President 50", but then another reference to the ship "Daring".   However, I noticed that Borneo Proper is indeed an Asian city sharing its name with the river on the Isle of Wight.
Muscovite is a processed form of mica.
According to the documents, the Winchester Model 1894 lever-action rifle is credited as "The Guns that Won the West," not specifically designed in 1873. However, it was a series of rifles produced from 1873 through 1894 and beyond that held this nickname. The 1894 Model Winchester Rifle (designed under patent by John Browning) took off with its ability to use cartridges packed with smokeless gunpowder.
T. E. Lawrence (Lawrence of Arabia)
Reginald Hill.
The Kodiak bear, which is a subspecies of the brown bear, rivals the polar bear as the largest member of the bear family and as the largest land-based predator.
CS Lewis. He is best known for his children's books, specifically "The Chronicles of Narnia" series, but also wrote other notable works such as "Out Of The Silent Planet" and "The Screwtape Letters".
Callahan. The lead character's name is Inspector "Dirty" Harry Callahan, portrayed by Clint Eastwood.
The answer is Kirk Douglas, who played the title role in the 1960 Stanley Kubrick film "Spartacus". However, in the context of the hit series "Spartacus: Blood and Sand", Andy Whitfield (an Australian actor) initially played the title role before passing away due to cancer. He was later replaced by Liam McIntyre, also an Australian actor.
Prince Edward, the Duke of Kent.
The Copenhagen Criteria define eligibility for national membership of the European Union (EU).
A starter question is worth 10 points.
According to the article, Mexico has more Spanish-speakers than any other country, including the United States. However, it is expected that the United States will become the world's largest Spanish-speaking country by 2050, surpassing Mexico.
The Inverness Firth and Moray Firth beyond, as well as the Beauly Firth.
The documents do not mention the specific number of home runs Ty Cobb hit in the World Series. However, they do mention that his best years were 1911 and 1915, but they do not provide information on his performance in the World Series during those seasons.
Kerosene.
Jaundice.
There is no mention of an Indian being the conductor for either the 1990 or 1994 concerts. The conductor mentioned in the article is Zubin Mehta, who is Hungarian-born.
"The Dude".
Ricin.
The question does not actually ask for information about Rugby Sevens, but rather asks about Rugby Union. According to historical records, the United States was the last country to win an Olympic gold medal in rugby union at the 1920 Antwerp Olympics (then known as the Inter-Allied Games).
Mark Rothko. He was born in Dvinsk, Russia (now Daugavpils, Latvia), and created 30 "Seagram Murals" for the Four Seasons restaurant.
Bantamweight.
The River Wensum runs past Carrow Road stadium. The River Wensum flows through the city of Norwich itself, and one can see several pubs along its course near the stadium (e.g., The Compleat Angler is directly in front of the train station, "over the river").
According to the text, there is no fixed maximum number of cardinals. However, historically, Pope Sixtus V set the maximum at 70, which was maintained for centuries until the pontificate of Pope John XXIII. Since then, the number has increased significantly, with some instances approaching twice that amount. Currently, the number of eligible voting cardinals is limited to 120 by Paul VI and John Paul II.
The question does not match the provided documents. The documents list various movies directed by women, but do not mention a person named Rodney Eyles or the sports associated with them.  However, I can tell you that Susan Devoy is associated with squash (a racquet sport). She is a former world squash champion and one of the most successful female squash players in history.
Field hockey. The question can be inferred from the titles of the videos listed, particularly "EHL Top 10 Penalty Corners" and other field hockey-related video titles such as "Australian men's short corner training session".
The answer is not explicitly stated in the provided text, but it can be inferred based on the timeline of events.  According to the text, Massachusetts legalized same-sex marriage in 2004 (although this information is not included in the text snippet you provided), but among the states listed in the timeline, Vermont was one of the first to legalize same-sex marriage. However, according to some sources, it was actually Massachusetts that was the first U.S. state to legalize same-sex marriage.  But if we consider only the states mentioned in the provided text and based on their dates, it appears that Massachusetts is not mentioned. Therefore, among the states listed in the timeline (which starts from 2013), Rhode Island legalized same-sex marriage on May 2, 2013, and Vermont legalized same-sex marriage on September 1, 2009, but before the current timeline which starts in 2013. However, according to some sources, Rhode Island was not the first one to do so among the ones mentioned.  Among the states listed in the provided text that started their same-sex marriage timeline from 2013 and beyond, California (June 28, 2008) is not mentioned, but Vermont is not either. But Rhode Island's date does not appear to be correct according to this new information.  So if we consider only the text you provided and looking at the states listed there which started their same-sex marriage timeline from 2013 onwards, none of them are mentioned as being the first state to legalize same-sex marriage in the United States.
According to the text, Bobby George was given the moniker 'Mr Glitter' among other nicknames.
Malkovich. The full title of the film is "Being John Malkovich".
1957. It was launched on October 4th of that year by the Soviet Union.
There is no information about a British physicist and mathematician being born on 25/12/1642 in the provided documents. However, I found that Sir Isaac Newton was born on January 4, 1643 (not December 25) according to the Britannica document.
The Mason-Dixon line separates Pennsylvania and Maryland. However, it also marks the boundary between areas that would eventually become the states of Delaware and West Virginia.
According to the Pigot's Directory for 1842, Droitwich and Kidderminster are both located in the English county of Worcestershire.
According to the article, Narita airport is located in Japan. However, more specifically, it's situated near a city called Narita, where travelers can explore and enjoy the local culture during their layovers.
The term for this concept is "glass ceiling". According to various definitions, it refers to an unacknowledged discriminatory barrier that prevents women and minorities from advancing to leadership positions in organizations.
A creature that is "edentulous" does not have teeth.
The Dick Powell Show.
Lowestoft is situated at Britain's most easterly point in Suffolk, England.
Katniss Everdeen is a protagonist in "The Hunger Games" film trilogy.
There is no information in the provided document about Gary Lineker joining Everton. However, it does mention that Stan Collymore left Liverpool for Aston Villa, but it doesn't say where Gary Lineker was playing before.  Emile Heskey's potential transfer to Liverpool from Leicester City is mentioned in the article.
Madelyn Payne Dunham's famous grandson is Barack Obama, the 44th President of the United States.
King Edward II of England.
Irving Stone.
Bode.
According to the text, "Omelette a la norvegienne" and "Baked Alaska" are other names for this classic dessert. However, based on the specific mention of "Norwegian omelette", I would say that "Baked Alaska" is another name for it, not the other way around.   However, if we look at the original question, it asks which dessert has the name "Norwegian Omelette". According to the text, "Baked Alaska" is known as "Omelette a la norvegienne", so by association, "Baked Alaska" can also be referred to as "Norwegian Omelette".
The phonautograph, a sound recording device that could visually record sound waves but not play them back.
Mexico. According to the US MAP section, "The 48 contiguous states and the federal district of Washington, D.C. are positioned in central North America between Canada and Mexico."
