Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome (AIDS).
Harry Potter was sorted into Gryffindor House during his first year at Hogwarts School.
Pi (π).
Humphrey Bogart won a Best Actor 'Oscar' for playing the character 'Charlie Allnut' in "The African Queen" (1951).
Lily Rush is the lead character in the American television series "Cold Case".
Elizabeth Arden.
Pearl Harbor.
The Korean War.
The answer is not provided in the text snippet you shared. However, I can try to find the information for you.  According to various sources, the first brother-and-sister team to win the Wimbledon mixed doubles championship was Anne Hobbs and Jeremy Bates did it in 1988, but then I found that  Ken Rosewall's daughter and his son-in-law won a tournament.
According to the documents, the opposite of El Niño is La Niña.
According to my knowledge, the answer is Kempton Park. However, I do not see any information about the Shergar Cup or its rules in the provided documents that would help me determine this question.  But since you asked me to use my own knowledge and there was no specific document related to this question, I will still provide the answer based on general knowledge.
Vanessa Williams of Syracuse, N.Y.
Ivory Coast.
There are 660 feet in one furlong.
Bubba.
The French town of Dijon is famous for its mustard. According to the document, "Just think of mustard and Dijon comes to your mind!"
Paddington Bear.
According to the documents, Brian McFadden left the band Westlife in 2004 for family reasons.
There is no mention of Christopher Columbus discovering the New World during the reign of any British king in the provided text.  However, it does mention that by 1754, Benjamin Franklin assembled a congress at Albany, New York, where delegates from seven colonies drafted the Albany Plan. And earlier in the text, it mentions that King George II died, leaving the throne to his grandson, George III.   But if you're asking about Columbus' discovery of the New World, it's not mentioned in this specific text, and Columbus is generally credited with discovering the New World during the reign of Ferdinand and Isabella of Spain (1492).
A nice math question!  According to basic arithmetic, if we divide 1/9 (a ninth) by 1/3 (a third), we get:  (1/9) / (1/3) = (1/9) × (3/1) = 1/3  So the result is 1/3.
According to the document "Uncia uncia: information", a Dzo is a hybrid between the male domestic yak (Bos grunniens) or male domestic ox (Bos grunniens or Bos taurus) and female Asian black bear (Ursus thibetanus).
California. According to the documents, the Monterey Bay Aquarium is "Perched on the edge of the Pacific Ocean...in Monterey, California".
E.B. White, an American author best known for writing novels and essays for adults but also famous for his work in children's literature, including "Stuart Little" (1945) and more famously "Charlotte's Web," a tale of friendship between a pig named Wilbur and a spider named Charlotte that has become a classic of children's fiction.
Colorado. According to the document, "Dillon...is located at 39.62778N 106.04417W / 39.62778; -106.04417" and later it mentions the continental divide being approximately 10 miles east, which implies that Lake Dillon is also in Colorado.
Unfortunately, there is no direct information in the provided documents that specifies which letter is represented by exactly one dash. The document does provide general guidelines on how dashes and dots are used to represent letters, numbers, and punctuation, but it doesn't provide a specific mapping of each letter to its Morse Code representation.  However, based on common knowledge, the letter "T" in International Morse Code is represented by a single dash (-).
Unfortunately, there is no information about "Rochebaron" in the provided documents. However, I can suggest that since it's not mentioned as one of the foods to avoid or prioritize (in the steps), it might be a dish that needs further research to determine its characteristics.
The answer cannot be determined from the provided documents as they are discussing who will become the next commissioner after Sir Paul Stephenson resigned. However, according to general knowledge, as of 2021, Dame Cressida Dick was the Commissioner of the Metropolitan Police Force in London, UK.
According to Revelation 6:8 (as shown in the provided translations), Death rides a pale horse. The color descriptions vary slightly across different translations, but they all describe it as being pale or ashen in color.
According to the document, the Oompa-Loompas worked at Willy Wonka's chocolate factory. They were recruited by Willy from Loompa-Land and were living and working in the Factory with their beloved cocoa beans.
The Scarlet Passion Flower (Passiflora coccinea) is the evergreen flowering climbing plant that is said to be associated with Jesus Christ. Its flower structure and parts are believed to represent various aspects of his crucifixion, such as nails, wounds, crown of thorns, and disciples.
Greece (specifically, Southern Greece)
There is no information in the provided text about Lunar 10 or its Lunar Excursion Module being named after a famous character. The text mentions various NASA missions and projects, but does not include any information about Lunar 10.  However, it's worth noting that the Lunar Roving Vehicle (LRV) was part of the Apollo missions and was nicknamed "Rover." But there is no mention of a "Lunar Excursion Module" in this context.  It's possible that you are thinking of the Lunar Module from the Apollo missions. The Lunar Module was named "Eagle" for Apollo 11, but not explicitly after a famous character. However, it's worth noting that Eagle is a reference to the American symbol of freedom and also a nod to the Bald Eagle, which is a national symbol of the United States.  If you could provide more context or information about Lunar 10, I may be able to help further.
According to the text, the original presenter of Juke Box Jury was David Jacobs.
The Bartholomew Fair. According to the document, it was held annually for over 700 years (from 1133-1855) and originated as a place for buying and selling cloth.
James Cameron directed both "The Terminator" (1984) and "Titanic" (1997).
Renzo Piano. He is an Italian architect who co-designed The Shard with British developer Irvine Sellar.
Based on the provided information, I can see that Franklin Roosevelt (FDR) served as President from March 4, 1933 to April 12, 1945. This is a period of more than 12 years, covering four presidential terms.  So, the answer is: Franklin D. Roosevelt was the President of the United States for most of the decade.
There is no information about the opening song or theme of a PlayStation game launched in North America in 1998, related to "Everything Must Go" by the Manic Street Preachers, nor any connection to the provided documents (Rachmaninov's Paganini Rhapsody) in your question.
The first part of the autobiographical trilogy is "Cider with Rosie".
Dame Elizabeth Taylor's first husband was Conrad Hilton Jr., also known as Nicky Hilton, who was an American socialite and heir of the Hilton Hotels chain.
Harpo Marx. His original name was Adolph Marx, later changed to Arthur Marx.
The winner of the 2005 San Marino Grand Prix was Fernando Alonso.
The answer is: An American in Paris.
Bristol. It connects Bristol city centre to the M4 (and thence to the M5).
David, Viscount Linley, son of Princess Margaret, Countess of Snowdon.
The Scarlet Pimpernel.
Arthur Askey.
Igneous rocks are formed by the cooling and crystallization (solidification) of magma.
There is no mention of "Chicago Piano" as a slang term in the provided documents. However, the Thompson machine gun, also known as the "Tommy Gun," is referred to as both "Chicago typewriter" and "chopper."
Pulsars, specifically neutron stars with powerful magnetic fields, emit energy in the form of radio waves and other radiation in regular pulses. This is due to their rapid rotation, causing the poles to sweep past our line of sight and produce a "lighthouse effect".
Macduff. He says "I had thought to have let it out till Bourgogne did appeal thee to the war, pride, pomp and circumstance of glorious war!" but more famously: "Lay on Macduff; and damned be him that first cries, 'Hold, enough!'"
Iran, her homeland.
The answer is carbon monoxide (CO).
The Wash, a large bay that separates East Anglia from Lincolnshire in eastern England.
John Carpenter (the original), but the remake was directed by Jean-Francois Richet.
According to the document, the nearest city to the battlefield is York. The battle was actually fought near the village of Stamford Bridge, about 8 miles from the city of York, where the Viking forces had landed and were attacking the city.
Al Hibbler was born blind.
The answer is: United Kingdom (or Britain)
The subject of the 1984 film 'A Private Function' is a pig, specifically a pig raised for an illegal black market sale at a party celebrating Princess Elizabeth's wedding.
Root beer and natural fragrances and dyes. However, its main constituent, safrole, was found to be carcinogenic and it has since been banned in the US for use as a flavoring agent in root beer.
The beaver.
John Lennon, who was shot and killed by Mark Chapman in 1980.
There is no information in the provided documents about British Leyland or Seat producing a model of car with the same name. The documents mention various car models from different manufacturers, including Lexus, Volkswagen, Chevrolet, Holden, Toyota, and Land Rover, but there is no common model name mentioned for British Leyland and Seat.
The novel "KIPPS" by H.G. Wells, although it should be noted that the movie itself states it is "very loosely based" on the book.
John Hurt portrayed "The Elephant Man" (also known as John Merrick) on film, in the 1980 movie directed by David Lynch.
Haile Selassie, the Emperor of Ethiopia. However, it appears that Haile Selassie was not actually captured in April 1945 while attempting to flee to Switzerland.  The correct answer is probably not related to this specific text, but I can provide some information about The Treasure of Dongo. According to Wikipedia, The Treasure of Dongo refers to a group of gold bars and looted sovereigns that were seized by Allied forces from Italian dictator Benito Mussolini's family and associates in 1945, near the town of Dongo on Lake Como.  However, without more information about the specific incident, it is difficult to determine which World War II leader was involved.
There is no question provided. The text appears to be an article about jurisprudence, specifically addressing whether legal theory must be inherently evaluative in nature. There are several arguments presented for and against this idea.  However, based on the content, it seems that you might be looking for information about a Scottish legal professional. To answer your implied question:  The title used in Scotland for a public prosecutor who investigates sudden and suspicious deaths and conducts fatal accident enquiries is often referred to as a Procurator Fiscal (PF). In other words, the equivalent of a coroner in other legal systems is indeed the Procurator Fiscal in Scotland.
Italy. According to the document, Italy produced 384,844 tons of kiwifruit in 2012, making it the number one producer that year.
Bobby Sands.
Steel Magnolias. The movie was about a group of women from a Louisiana parish that experience the death of one of their own, partly in a beauty salon where the main characters frequent, including Shelby, played by Julia Roberts and M'Lynn, played by Sally Field, which is owned by Truvy Jones, a character played by Dolly Parton.
Nick Hewer became the presenter of Countdown after Jeff Stelling left in 2012.
Nitric acid has the chemical formula HNO3.
According to the document, "F" on the Plimsoll line denotes "Fresh Water".
Max is the main character in "Where the Wild Things Are" by Maurice Sendak.
Gerald Ford survived two assassination attempts, both by women (Lynette Fromme and Sara Jane Moore), within a 17-day period (September 5-22, 1975).
According to one of the answers, it took 95 minutes to construct a Model T Ford in 1914.
The names of the couple were Julius Rosenberg and Ethel Rosenberg.
Mars and Jupiter.
According to Genesis 5:20, Jared lived 962 years and is therefore the second oldest person in the Bible. Methuselah lived longer at 969 years.
The McVitie's Digestive biscuit.   McVitie's is actually named after William McVitie who was the owner of the bakery and had no connection to the Scottish hotel, it was actually named after the Caledonian Railway Company who were its first clients, but in an interview, a staff member mentioned that they did have digestive biscuits sent from the nearby factory so they called it The Biscuit Hotel.
According to the song, after swallowing a fly, the old lady swallowed:  * A spider * A bird * A cat * A dog * A goat * A cow * A horse (and ultimately dies)
The answer is: Indonesia.  Explanation: The text states that "From 1971 to 1999, the city was named Ujung Pandang..." and later mentions that Makassar is the provincial capital of South Sulawesi, Indonesia. This indicates that Ujung Pandang (an alternative name for Makassar) is located in Indonesia.
New Jersey.
How to Win Friends and Influence People.
William McKinley. He served as the 25th President of the United States from March 4, 1897, until his assassination on September 14, 1901, making him the first US President of the 20th century.
Milwaukee, Wisconsin. According to the document, the Harley-Davidson Museum is located at 400 West Canal Street, Milwaukee, WI 53201. This implies that the company was founded in this city.
The Caspian Sea, covering an area of 371,000 sq km (143,000 sq mi), is considered the world's largest freshwater lake by surface area.
The answer is: Hatter.  This phrase "Mad as a Hatter" refers to the character of the Mad Hatter from Lewis Carroll's book, who appears to be crazy due to excessive exposure to mercuric nitrate in his hat-making trade. In the late 19th century, hatters were indeed known to develop mercury poisoning from using this substance, which caused symptoms similar to madness.
Canada won a record number of gold medals, with 14. This was the most ever won by one country at a Winter Games.
The Neva River. According to the article, after being shot and beaten, Rasputin's body was tied in a blanket and dumped into the Neva River to ensure he wouldn't revive again.
According to the text, Nalanda University in Bahir, India (also known as "Dharmaganja" or "Mountain of Truth") is described as "the world's largest collection of Buddhist literature", implying that it was likely the largest library in the ancient world. However, the text does not explicitly state that it was the only or largest library in terms of size and holdings compared to other libraries mentioned.
Lisa Simpson.
The Teapot Dome Scandal, which began in 1921 and gained significant attention in 1922, but had its impact continuing through 1923-1924.
The characters Mistress Margaret Page (also known as Mistress Page) and Master George Page appear in "The Merry Wives of Windsor" by William Shakespeare.
Portsmouth.
The Bay City Rollers.
The answer is 18.
Suggs.
Thermolab.
I don't see any information about a TV or radio show that matches your question. The provided documents appear to be trivia questions and answers related to various TV shows, movies, actors, and musicians from different decades.  However, I can suggest some possible sources where you might find the answer:  1. Classic British comedy shows: You may want to look into classic British comedy shows like "The Goon Show", "Hancock's Half Hour", or "Steptoe and Son". 2. BBC Archive: The BBC has an extensive archive of radio and TV programs, including those that aired on the Light Programme between 1946-67. 3. Wikipedia: You can try searching for articles about British comedy shows or specific shows that aired during that period.  If you provide more context or details about the show you're looking for, I may be able to help you find it.
North Downs Way.
A basset hound. According to Reference.com, the breed associated with Hush Puppies footwear and advertising is a basset hound.
Calvary
The film Schindler's List was based on Thomas Keneally's Booker Prize-winning novel "Schindler's Ark" (published as "Schindler's List" in the US), which he wrote in 1982.
The answer is King Charles I, but he did not actually lead his own army into battle. He attempted to raise a royalist army in support of the English Civil War in 1642-1645, and although some fighting did occur under his command, he was ultimately captured and executed in 1649.  However, if you are looking for a British king who led an army into battle in person, the answer is King Richard III, but not as the commander of a successful campaign. He did lead the English forces to victory at the Battle of Bosworth Field in 1485, although it was a disastrous defeat for him personally.  A more fitting answer might be King Edward I, who led armies into battle on several occasions during his reign (1272-1307), including against the Welsh and the Scots.
Badminton
Mark Twain (Samuel Clemens) said "A classic is something that everybody wants to have read and nobody wants to read." in his "Disappearance of Literature" speech.
Playing possum.
Fission. In nuclear energy, fission is the process where an atomic nucleus splits into two or more smaller nuclei, releasing a significant amount of energy in the process. This is often contrasted with fusion, where two or more atomic nuclei combine to form a single, heavier nucleus, also releasing energy.
Montana.
Dennis Taylor.
There is no specific answer provided in the text for the year range during which Otto von Bismarck served as the Prime Minister of Prussia. However, it is stated that he resigned as Chancellor of Germany and Minister-President of Prussia in 1890.  It can be inferred from other information that Bismarck became Prime Minister of Prussia in 1862, as part of his broader role as leader of the conservative faction within the Prussian government at that time.
The first motor race to regularly carry the name Grand Prix took place in 1906 at Le Mans.
According to the document, it was Catherine Parr who had four husbands.
Herbert Hoover was the President of the USA at the time of the Wall Street Crash in October 1929.
The town of Marlborough is located in the English county of Wiltshire.
The answer is Poseidon. According to Greek mythology, Poseidon was the god of the sea and ruler of earthquakes, with horses and bulls as his symbols. He was also the brother of Zeus and Hades, one of the twelve Olympian Gods.
David Walliams. He is an English comedian, writer, and television presenter.
King Edward II of England was murdered at Berkeley Castle on September 21, 1327, by being subjected to a red-hot spit inserted through his anus.
The Netherlands were the runners-up in the 1978 FIFA World Cup. They lost to Argentina 3-1 after extra time in the final.
Liverpool.
The film Reservoir Dogs involved a botched job to steal diamonds.
American League.
There is no mention of the color associated with a specific category in the provided text. The text appears to be an excerpt from a play about Jesus Christ's Passion, specifically Act V: Last Scene (p. 31). It does not relate to Trivial Pursuit or its categories and colors.
According to the document, Earth is given an astronomical unit (AU) of 1.0, which represents its average distance from the Sun. An astronomical unit is defined as approximately 149,600,000 kilometers. Therefore, it can be inferred that the planet orbiting the Sun at a distance of approximately 150 million kilometers is Earth.
William Tecumseh Sherman said "War is Hell". The full quote is: "I am sick and tired of war. Its glory is all moonshine. It is only those who have neither fired a shot nor heard the shrieks and groans of the wounded who cry aloud for blood, for vengeance, for desolation. War is hell."
Pope Pius XII. He served as the Pope from 1939 to his death in 1958, throughout World War II.
A type of strong beer, similar to a fortified wine due to its high alcohol content (8-12% ABV) and complex flavor profile.
Arthur Ransome.
Irving Berlin. He composed the original version of "God Bless America" during the summer of 1918 at Camp Upton for his revue, Yip, Yip, Yaphank.
Pegasus.
Mexico.
Anne of Cleves was not officially known as the "Flanders Mare" by any contemporary evidence. The term is often attributed to Gilbert Burnet, Bishop of Salisbury, who wrote in his 1679 book that Henry VIII said they had brought over a "Flanders mare" to him, but this is hearsay and not backed up by evidence. However, Anne of Cleves has been commonly referred to as the "Flanders Mare" due to her supposed unattractiveness to Henry VIII.
Architecture.   Vitruvius defined these principles as:  - Firmitas (firmness or strength) - Utilitas (commodity or usefulness) - Venustas (elegance or beauty)  These three principles are now considered fundamental to the design of buildings and structures, and are often referred to as the "three orders" of architecture.
Hairspray.
The Gossamer Albatross, piloted by Bryan Allen, successfully crossed the English Channel on June 12, 1979.
Sir Richard Branson bought Necker Island in 1979.
Medicine. Hippocrates of Cos (circa 460-377 b.c.) is often called the "father of medicine" due to his contributions to this field, including detailed observations of disease and its effects, an understanding of how health is influenced by diet, breakdowns in bodily processes, and the environment, as well as his emphasis on preventive medicine and high moral standards for medical practitioners.
Joan Rivers was 81 years old when she stopped breathing on August 28, 2014. Since the question asks for her age at death to within a year either way, I will provide two possible ages:   * 80 years old (August 28, 2013) * 82 years old (August 28, 2015)
Ohio.
The fifth sport is epee fencing.
The Hell-Fire Club, specifically Medmenham Abbey, a sham Franciscan abbey.
The storyteller in the "One Thousand and One Nights" is Princess Shahrazad (also spelled as Scheherazade), who tells a vast number of tales to King Shahriyar to postpone her execution.
November 1st.
According to the provided documents, the original Doctor Who theme was composed by Ron Grainer. However, it is noted that Delia Derbyshire and the BBC Radiophonic Workshop "realised" the composition, suggesting that their version was also a significant part of the theme's creation.
The Vatican.
A Dandie Dinmont Terrier is a dog breed.
According to the provided text, the Daleks were a creation of Terry Nation's concept, which was produced by scientist Davros (played by Michael Wisher) from the indigenous Kaleds of the planet Skaro. Specifically, it is stated that "He later names these creatures Daleks, an anagram of Kaleds."
The question doesn't match any information provided in the documents. However, based on your context, I assume you're asking about Pulsatilla (Pasque Flower). But unfortunately, none of the given documents mention "Decorative", "Ball" or "Pompom" types for Pasque Flower.  If you'd like to ask a different question regarding the provided texts, I'll be happy to help.
According to the document, "Aoraki" is the Maori name for Mount Cook (New Zealand's highest mountain), which has a height of 3,754 m.
There is no mention of a UNESCO World Heritage Site in the Mosel Valley, Germany, that includes the Porta Nigra in the text provided.  However, I can tell you that the correct answer is Trier. The Porta Nigra (Black Gate) is a well-preserved Roman city gate located in Trier, Germany, and it is indeed a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Edwin Landseer.
Shaftesbury Avenue.
There is no information about a land-locked European country that has excelled in water polo and fencing or held a record for winning the most medals without hosting the Olympics.
Unfortunately, there is no information in the provided text about Russia's largest port city on the Pacific Ocean. The text discusses various aspects of Russian culture, history, and society, but it does not mention any specific cities or ports. Therefore, I'm unable to provide a complete answer based on the given text.  However, I can suggest that the city you are looking for is Vladivostok. Vladivostok is Russia's largest port city on the Pacific Ocean, located at the head of the Golden Horn Bay, and it serves as the home port of the Russian Pacific Fleet.
Charles Clarke is the former Home Secretary who was the MP for Norwich South.
According to the document, a "Poison Dart Frog" is the type of creature also referred to as either "poison arrow" or "poison dart".
The secret police force run by Papa Doc Duvalier was known as the Tonton Macoutes.
The green ball is worth three points in snooker.
Prada is an Italian luxury fashion brand founded by the Prada brothers, Mario and Martino. The company was later taken over by their sister Luisa's daughter, Miuccia Prada, who led the brand to international success.
Charles A. Lindbergh.
The 1957 Oscar-winning film "Bridge on the River Kwai" was directed by David Lean.
Anne Bancroft was nominated for a BAFTA and won a Golden Globe for Best Actress, but not specifically mentioned to have been nominated for an Academy Award (Oscar) for this role. However, it is mentioned that in the film "The Turning Point" (1977), where she played Emma, a prima ballerina, Anne Bancroft was nominated for a "Best Actress" Oscar.
The answer to this question is not relevant to the provided documents about Hamlet. The provided documents are about the play Hamlet, which is a tragedy by William Shakespeare.  However, if you're looking for information on the earliest post-1066 king featured in the title of a Shakespeare history play, it would be King John, who was the subject of one of Shakespeare's history plays (King John).  So, to answer your question directly: King John.
Nestle. According to the text, Nestle produces Toll House Morsels and their recipe for Toll House Chocolate Chip Cookies is printed on the back of virtually every bag of these morsels.
The first opera in Wagner's four-opera Ring Cycle is Das Rheingold (The Rhinegold).
The answer is not provided, but I can help you find out.  In most modern Bibles and versions of the Hebrew Bible, the books are arranged in a specific order. The first five books (Pentateuch) are:  1. Genesis 2. Exodus 3. Leviticus 4. Numbers 5. Deuteronomy  The next book is Joshua, which is often considered the 6th book of the Old Testament.  So, based on this information, I would answer that Joshua is usually considered to be the 6th book of the Old Testament.
British Captain James Cook.
The Altai Mountains.
The "Indiana Jones" film series features archaeology, anthropology, and history, with a focus on ancient civilizations such as Egypt, India, and the Middle East. The films also incorporate elements of mythology, legend, and folklore from various cultures.  Specifically:  * "Raiders of the Lost Ark" (1981) involves searching for the fabled Lost Ark of the Covenant, an ancient Egyptian relic said to contain powerful supernatural energy. * "Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom" (1984) features a plot centered around the theft of sacred stones that hold great power in Hindu mythology. * "Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade" (1989) involves a quest for the Holy Grail, a Christian artifact said to have been used by Jesus at the Last Supper.  The series also showcases various scientific disciplines such as:  * Paleontology: Indiana Jones is an archaeologist who specializes in ancient artifacts and relics. * Geology: The films feature scenes where characters navigate treacherous terrain, including jungles, deserts, and caves. * Anthropology: The series explores the cultures of different societies throughout history.  Overall, the "Indiana Jones" film series combines action, adventure, and science to create a thrilling experience that has captivated audiences for decades.
According to The Good Life France and the quote from Pulp Fiction (1994), at a French McDonald's, a Quarter Pounder with Cheese is called a "Royale with Cheese".
According to the documents provided, Judas was the one who betrayed Jesus to the Romans. Specifically, it was Judas' actions that led to Jesus' arrest in a garden (likely an olive grove) at night, where it would have been difficult to identify Jesus by sight.
Volgograd.
The Russian term for an astronaut is "kosmonavt".
The two main animal characters in the Walt Disney cartoon "Lady and the Tramp" are:  1. A lady dog (Lady) - a cocker spaniel 2. A tramp dog (Tramp) - a mutt
According to the text, "Picture This" was the first single lifted from Blondie's third album Parallel Lines, which made #1 in the UK.
There is no answer provided for the question. The text does not mention any BAFTA-nominated British detective drama series that is set in Hastings during World War Two.  However, I can provide information on some of the detective drama series mentioned in the text:  * Dalziel and Pascoe: This series is set in the Yorkshire Dales, but it's primarily a contemporary series. It does feature an episode or two set in World War II-era England, but these are not part of the main series. * Upstairs Downstairs: This series is historical drama that spans several decades, including the Edwardian period and World War I, but it's not specifically set in Hastings during World War Two.  If you could provide more context or clarify your question, I'll be happy to try and assist you further.
New Zealand.
Ethiopia. The document mentions "Ethiopian mobile sim card" and "Immigration needed some improvement there", indicating that Bole International Airport serves Ethiopia.
MC Hammer.
Queen Elizabeth I.
The three biggest cities in Montana starting with "B" are:  1. Billings (most populous city) 2. Bozeman 3. Butte
James McAvoy plays the part of Young Charles Xavier (aka Professor X) in the 2011 film "X-Men: First Class".
George Bernard Shaw, an Irish playwright.
Bullfighting. According to the text, on July 28, 2010, Catalonia became the second Spanish territory to forbid bullfighting, with the ban going into effect on January 1, 2012.
We expect them to be successful in gardening or farming. The idiom "to have green fingers" means having a talent for growing plants and making gardens look beautiful, not necessarily implying success in other areas of life.
Unfortunately, this quote does not appear in the provided text. The quote you're asking about is a well-known phrase attributed to J. Paul Getty, but it's not present in the list of quotes I analyzed for you. If you'd like, I can help you identify the author of one of the actual quotes from the list!
The answer is "He". According to the lyrics, "She met him in a candy store" but since the speaker is a female (the girl), it can be inferred that she is referring to a male ("he") that she met. The song title is indeed "(He's) The One You Love"
Borough constituencies.   In the 1832 Reform Act, these four constituencies, along with many others, lost their borough constituency status, which meant they no longer returned one or more MPs to Parliament but were instead incorporated into larger counties.
The massive St. Bernard dog that became a killer after contracting rabies in Stephen King's novel "Cujo".
According to the article, Tyson Fury is not mentioned as being born in Great Britain. However, Frank Bruno, Lennox Lewis, Michael Bentt, Herbie Hide, Henry Akinwande, and David Haye are all mentioned.  The last World Heavyweight Boxing champion born in Great Britain was Tyson Fury's predecessor, and that is Anthony Joshua's opponent Charles Martin, no... actually the last world heavyweight boxing champion born in Great Britain before Tyson Fury was actually Lennox Lewis' and Frank Bruno's successor at the top of their respective careers.
Stewart Granger.
The River Wear.
Leningrad (now known as Saint Petersburg).
Bay laurel is the common name for Laurus nobilis.
Glasgow.
The term used in law to describe the state of those related through marriage is "civil affinity". According to Black's Law Dictionary, civil affinity refers to the relationship that arises between two people when one person marries someone else.
The Turn of the Screw.
Mr CBeebies and Mr Tumble.
The Frigatebird. According to the text, "gadfly birds" are another name for the frigatebird, but they are commonly known as the "man-of-war bird".
This question cannot be answered based on the provided text, which does not mention a specific person holding the office of the President of Germany at any point in time. However, it does refer to a scene from Monty Python's 1972 special "Monty Python's Fliegender Zirkus," where the name "Bormann of Brazil" is used in a humorous sketch about Olympic athletes.
Unfortunately, this question is not related to the provided documents. However, based on my general knowledge, I can provide an answer.  The document mentions various historical events and plagues that occurred during the Middle Ages (roughly 5th-15th centuries), but it does not mention a plague in 1633.  However, after conducting some research, I found that the town of Oberammergau, Germany, is famous for its Passion Play, which has been performed every ten years since 1634. According to local tradition, after a devastating outbreak of the Black Death in 1633, the villagers vowed to present a living representation of Christ's Passion every tenth year as a way of thanking God for sparing their town from further suffering.  So, based on my general knowledge and research, I would say that the German town is Oberammergau.
Australia.
The answer to your question can be found in the following document:  "The organisation founded in 1957 which is now known as the European Union, originally had six members: Belgium, France, Germany, Italy, Luxembourg and the Netherlands."  However, this does not directly address your question.  To find the answer, we need to look at another document or our general knowledge.   The collective name of the international agreements signed by all the member states is known as the "Treaty on European Union" (TEU) and other related treaties, but a more common term for it is the "Acquis Communautaire".
John Hurt.
Manganese has a chemical symbol of Mn (from Chemical Elements.com - Manganese).
According to the documents provided, there are 3 Fates in Greek mythology: Clotho, Lachesis, and Atropos.
1 square kilometer (km²) = 1,000,000 square meters (m²).
Sweden. According to the document, "The headquarters of the company is in Stockholm, Sweden..."
The term used in geology for the layer between the Earth's crust and the core is the "Mantle".
Little Jimmy Osmond.
"The Railway King"
Lewis Hamilton, in 2014.
The word that originally meant "to destroy 1/10th of" but has now come to mean "to destroy almost completely" is:  Decimate.
The correct answer is: The Belgian Revolution.  In August 1830, a performance of Daniel Auber's opera "La Muette de Portici" sparked riots in Brussels, which eventually led to the Belgian Revolution and Belgium gaining its independence from the Netherlands.
January 20.
According to the provided documents, Ceylon (now known as Sri Lanka) elected Sirimavo Bandaranaike as its first-ever woman Prime Minister in 1960.
There is no mention of "Leoprine" in the provided text. However, based on the context, it appears that you are referring to "Albatrosses". According to the text, Albatrosses have been associated with various myths and legends, including being considered unlucky to harm them or take them as bycatch by long-line fisheries.
John Hancock's.
Henry VII. (According to the document "Instructions of Henry VII to certain Ambassadors, A.D.1505.")
The answer is not provided, but I can try to help with a related question or clarify the information given.  However, I can tell you that Danefield United FC is one of the fictional teams mentioned in the text.
According to the documents, Ludwig Zamenhof (not Lazar Ludwick) created Esperanto, a constructed international language.
Fabian Socialism was founded in London in 1884.
Based on the provided text, the answer is:  "Dubliners"  These three short story titles are mentioned as part of the collection of 15 short stories in "Dubliners" written by James Joyce.
I'm happy to help, but I don't see any information about vans or companies in the provided documents. The documents appear to be descriptions of a Liman-Sava quay and an exhibition on greetings from Belgrade.   However, based on general knowledge, if you're referring to the Fiat Ducato, it's a type of van made by Fiat Professional.
According to the article, Sir Chris Hoy carried the Union Jack at the Beijing Olympic Games (2008) but does not mention him carrying the flag at the closing ceremony of the 2012 Olympic Games. However, it does state that he carried the Great Britain flag ahead of his role in the opening ceremony of the 2012 Olympic Games.  To answer your question based on related information: Sir Chris Hoy carried the British Union Jack (Team GB flag) at the Beijing Olympic Games closing ceremony in 2008, not at the closing ceremony of the 2012 Olympic Games.
According to the provided document, John Williams composed the theme music for the film "Jaws" in 1975.
Benedict Cumberbatch plays the role of Sherlock Holmes and Martin Freeman plays the role of Dr. John Watson.
Jim Jones was the founder of the Peoples Temple church. He led his followers to their deaths in the Jonestown massacre on November 18, 1978.
The Gay Rights Movement. The pink triangle was adopted by the AIDS Coalition to Unleash Power (ACT UP) and is often used internationally to symbolize gay rights and awareness.
Castle Howard was used as the setting for the 1981 Granada television production of Brideshead Revisited.
Kensington Gore.
The answer is: "Battle's Lost"  However, I think you might be referring to a more common version of this mnemonic:  "Richard Of York Gave Battle's Standard In Vain"  This sentence uses the first letter of each word to represent the colors of the rainbow, in order: R (Red), O (Orange), Y (Yellow), G (Green), B (Blue), I (Indigo), and V (Violet).
The Edwardian Period (1901-1914)
According to the document, the character is named Joey.
According to the documents, the infection known as "scrofula" or "the king's evil" in the Middle Ages, which was believed to be caused by tuberculosis, was thought to be curable by the royal touch.
The Tagus River (Rio Tejo in Portuguese).
Salem, Massachusetts.
According to the document "ADW: Uncia uncia: PICTURES", the Latin name "Uncia uncia" refers to the Snow Leopard.
The Sex Pistols sang "God Save the Queen".
1957.
World Cup Willie.
Archaeology.
Dooley Wilson, an East Texan, played Sam the piano player and sang "As Time Goes By" in the film Casablanca.
Ernest Hemingway.
There is no information about "cynanthropy" in the provided documents. However, based on my knowledge, cynanthropy is not listed as a phobia or condition mentioned in these documents.  If you're looking for an answer related to the provided text, I can help with questions about neophobia (fear of new things).
There is no mention of a specific island being ruled by King Pygmalion in the provided documents. However, according to Apollodorus of Athens, Pygmalion's daughter Metharme was the mother of Adonis, and it is mentioned that the city Paphos on the island of Cyprus is named after his daughter Paphos.
Quartz.
Kathryn Bigelow. She made history as the first woman to receive the honor of Best Director at the 82nd Academy Awards in 2010.
Based on the descriptions in the text, I would say that the answer is:  **Dianthus barbatus (Sweet William)**  This is mentioned in the section describing Sweet William as a "clump forming, deciduous biennial" with fragrant, showy flowers from late spring to late summer.
The name of Captain Mainwaring's wife is not mentioned in the text. However, based on other knowledge, her name is mentioned as Mrs Mainwaring or Elizabeth Mainwaring in various references to the show.
Police Commander Cressida Dick.
The answer to your question is "deselection."
According to Merriam-Webster, Meles meles is the Latin name for the European badger, a type of typical Old World badger.
The answer is Miriam.
Based on general knowledge, the answer is a Greyhound. However, according to specific information, Cerberus (from the 2004 film "Man About Dog") is indeed a Greyhound. However, I do not have information that 'Santa's Little Helper' in "The Simpsons" is a Greyhound.
There is no specific information provided about which South American country extends the furthest east, so I'll provide an answer based on general geographical knowledge.  Brazil is often considered to be the country that extends the furthest east in South America. It shares a border with many countries along its southern coast and has a large territory stretching across the continent from west to east.
The Camden Town Group.
postage stamp.
Alessandro Volta invented the first battery in 1800. He is an Italian inventor, also known as Count Alessandro Giuseppe Antonio Anastasio Volta, who developed the voltaic pile, a device that stores energy and converts chemical energy into electrical energy. This invention is considered to be the first true electric battery.
Chevrolet.
Kepler's Three Laws of planetary motion are:  1. The Law of Ellipses: The path of a planet about the sun is elliptical in shape, with the center of the sun at one focus. 2. The Law of Equal Areas: An imaginary line drawn from the center of the sun to the center of a planet will sweep out equal areas in equal intervals of time. 3. The Law of Harmonies: The ratio of the squares of the periods of any two planets is equal to the ratio of the cubes of their average distances from the sun.
Estee Lauder.
Robert Lindsay played the title role of Wolfie Smith in the TV sitcom Citizen Smith.
Alice. According to the document, "In Alice in Wonderland, The Mad Hatter and the March Hare enjoy afternoon tea every day" and the invitation specifically mentions "Join Alice...".
The three emperors - Trajan, Titus, and Nerva - are known as the "Five Good Emperors", but specifically, they are referred to as part of a group of good emperors that also includes Hadrian and Antoninus Pius. However, within this broader group, Trajan, Titus, and Nerva are not individually designated as such in the provided text.
Buttercup.
The document does not provide information about someone who makes or sells candles. It provides information about kerosene, its history, properties, uses, and applications. However, it mentions Samuel Martin Kier, who was referred to as the "Grandfather of the American Oil Industry" for his development of a process to extract oil from salt wells, but this does not imply that he makes or sells candles.  It's worth noting that there is no information about someone being called a "C".
The triple jump. According to the article, Phillips (not Philip) Idowu clinched triple jump gold at the World Athletics Championships in Berlin with a personal best of 17.73 metres.
King Alexander I, assassinated in Marseilles in 1934, was King of Yugoslavia.
The M4 Sherman was the main American tank used during World War II.
The Occupy Wall Street (OWS) protest movement, which began in 2011, used "We are the 99%" as its slogan.
The Delaware River. According to the Ride The Ducks document, the tour "splashes into the Delaware River for a 20-minute water tour."
The Rose Bowl.
I think I have some bad news...  The text doesn't mention any of those events. In fact, it's a long list of historical events from 1993 to 1994.  However, if you'd like, I can provide the correct answers for those specific questions:  * The Wall Street Crash: This event occurred in 1929. * Italy and the Vatican signed the Lateran Treaty: This event occurred in 1929 (February 11). * Herbert Hoover inaugurated as 31st president of America: This event occurred in 1929 (March 4).  Please let me know if you have any other questions!
Bradley Wiggins. He was a Tour de France champion and Olympic time trial gold medallist, and won the award due to his outstanding achievements in 2012.
There is no information in the provided documents about a character named Archie Shuttleworth from the TV show "Coronation Street". The documents appear to be related to Humphrey Bogart's biography and filmography.
According to various definitions in the provided documents, the words that describe the ability to imagine and share another person's feelings and/or experiences are:  * Empathy * Compassion * Affective response * Emotional understanding * Feeling what another feels (Goleman, 2006) * Identifying with the situation and feelings of another person (Goodman, 2000)  However, the most commonly used word that describes this ability is:  * Empathy
According to the documents provided, ADD (Attention Deficit Disorder) is now commonly referred to as ADHD (Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder).
eBay.
The Sierra Nevada range.
According to section 46 CFR 42.13-30:  * The tropical fresh water load line is marked with the letters TF. * The freshwater load line in summer is marked with the letter F. * The tropical load line is marked with the letter T. * The summer load line is indicated by a line marked S, and also corresponds to the upper edge of the line passing through the center of the ring. * The winter North Atlantic load line is marked with the letters WNA.
According to the document, in 1992, catalytic converters became compulsory on all new cars sold in Europe. However, it doesn't mention a specific country as the first to make them compulsory.  But, according to another part of the text, cars in Germany, Sweden and Switzerland were among the first countries to be fitted with catalytic converters in 1985, when Walker began selling them in Europe.
Stephen Tompkinson plays DCI (Detective Chief Inspector) Alan Banks in the ITV series 'DCI Banks', not DI (Detective Inspector). The character's rank is actually a Detective Chief Inspector.
The answer is: A postal service.  Henry Fielding, an English novelist and playwright, established the first free public library in 1759. However, he also introduced a precursor to a modern postal service, as a literary figure, when he founded "The Covent-Garden Journal" (an influential periodical) in 1752.
Paul Ince. He captained England against the USA in 1993.
A krait is an elegant, bluish-gray snake with white paired cross lines that continues till the tip of its tail. It belongs to the species Bungarus caeruleus and is one of six species found on the Indian subcontinent.
The First Minister of Scotland.
alphabet
The site of the old English and pirate harbor of Port Royal is located on the western end of Palisadoes, Jamaica.
John Keats, in his poem "Ode On A Grecian Urn", written in 1819.
There is no information in the provided documents about D.A.T.T. being an alternative name for bar skittles or table skittles. However, I can tell you that according to my own knowledge, "D.A.T.T." is indeed a common abbreviation for the game of Bar Skittles or Table Skittles.
John Reginald Christie. He was a British serial killer who murdered at least eight women, including his own wife, during the 1940s and 1950s. His victims' bodies were found buried in his garden or hidden beneath floorboards in his flat at 10 Rillington Place.
Willie Carson.
There is no information in the provided text about an ex-politician with the nickname "The Baroness of Blackburn" living from 1910 to 2002. The text primarily focuses on Margaret Thatcher, who served as Prime Minister from 1979 to 1990 and passed away in 2013.  However, it's possible that you may be thinking of another politician. The Baroness Blackburn is a title held by Audrey Wise (1944-), but she lived after the specified period (1910-2002).
A monastery.
Scuderia Toro Rosso (STR) was initially used, but from 2009 onwards, they have been officially known as Scuderia Toro Rosso. However, according to the text, when it was first bought by Red Bull in 2005, it was referred to as "Red Bull's own Formula One team" and not mentioned as having a specific name like Scuderia Toro Rosso.  However, later on (in 2006), they were officially known as Scuderia Toro Rosso.
Sirte. According to the news article, "Libya's ex-leader Col Muammar Gaddafi has been killed after an assault on his birthplace of Sirte..."
Unfortunately, I don't see any information about a Union leader from the American Civil War being associated with a tree in Sequoia National Park. The text you provided is actually an article about the First Battle of Bull Run (also known as the First Battle of Manassas) and its impact on the Marine Corps during the American Civil War.  If you're looking for information about a specific Union leader who has a connection to a tree in Sequoia National Park, I'd be happy to help you investigate further.
Swiss.
Indonesia withdrew from OPEC in 2008.
This question is not related to the text you provided about the Rugby World Cup teams and players.  However, I can suggest some possible answers based on general knowledge:  * Chelsea (after a 7-5 aggregate score over Everton) * Manchester United (after beating AFC Wimbledon in the third round and then Manchester City in the quarterfinals) * Liverpool  Please let me know if you'd like to provide more context or clarify which team you are thinking of.
Vera
The text does not specifically mention the last South African to win the Open Golf Championship. It mentions Charl Schwartzel, who is mentioned as one of the top contenders in the 2015 South African Open Championship, and that he has been trying to win his first South African Open Championship title, implying that it may be a long-standing goal for him. However, it does not provide information on the last South African winner of the Open Golf Championship.
Danny Boyle
Sinclair Lewis, an American-born writer, won the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1930.
According to the provided document, Martini and Rossi is a brand of Vermouth, specifically Dry Vermouth as mentioned in "Martini and Rossi Dry Vermouth Drink Recipes".
Frida Kahlo.
The Red Sea.
The "Goon Show" (specifically Series 5, Episode 3).
Glassware.
Buster Keaton.
The text does not mention "Mount Qomolangma" (the correct spelling), but it does refer to Mount Everest. Therefore, I must conclude that the question appears to be asking about Mount Everest.  However, if we were discussing a different mountain with an alternate name of Mount Qomolangma, then the answer would not be provided in this document.
The series is called "Up" or more specifically, "56 Up", but the overall title of the series is not explicitly mentioned in the text. However, based on the information provided, it appears that Michael Apted directed a series of documentary films that follow the lives of fourteen British children since 1964, when they were seven years old.  The correct answer can be inferred from the following sentence:  "Every seven years since 1964, in what's known as the Up series..."
The document doesn't mention semaphores, but I can provide a general answer based on common knowledge.  In semaphore signals, one arm held vertically upwards typically represents the letter "H" or sometimes also "S". However, it's essential to note that semaphore signals can vary depending on the specific system used. The classic example of a Morse code-like system is the International Railway Signal Code, which assigns letters to positions and movements of flags or arms.  If you are referring specifically to one document I couldn't find information about it, but based on common knowledge I would say "H".
Friedrich Engels was the younger co-writer of the 1848 Communist Manifesto.
According to the text, the Nicobar Islands are grouped with the Andamans for administrative purposes, but they "remain strictly off-limits to foreigners, as well as Indians with no direct business there". This implies that the Nicobar Islands are governed by a different entity than India. However, it is not explicitly stated which country governs them.  Note: The text does mention that the Andaman Islands are part of India, but it does not provide information on the governance of the Nicobar Islands, only their inaccessibility to foreigners and Indians without direct business there.
Yorkshire. This nickname is mentioned in the first document, "God's Own County - A Tribute to Yorkshire Heritage".
Black Friday. According to the article, a "stampede of the sales 'animals'" referred to the violence that erupted during this event in various Tesco stores across the UK.
There is no mention in the provided text (Exodus 32 NIV) that Moses had an older brother who set up a golden calf on Mt. Sinai. In fact, it was Aaron, the younger brother of Moses ( Exodus 4:14), who made the golden calf and allowed the people to worship it.
The document does not explicitly state which shipping forecast areas lie south of Sole. However, it provides a list of sea areas in roughly clockwise order, starting at Viking:  1. Irish Sea 2. Shannon 3. Rockall 4. Malin 5. Hebrides 6. Bailey (north of Rockall and up to South-East Iceland) 7. South-East Iceland 8. Faeroes 9. Fair Isle  Unfortunately, I could not find any mention of "Sole" in the provided documents.
Scientology, a cult created by L Ron Hubbard, teaches that Xenu (also known as Xemu) was an alien ruler who brought billions of people to Earth in spacecraft resembling airliners, stacked them around volcanoes, and detonated hydrogen bombs. This event occurred 75 million years ago, and the resulting trauma is believed to be a major contributor to human problems today.
The village of Chibok is located in north-eastern Nigeria.
The State of Israel.
The Mekong River and the Tonle Sap River are both mentioned in the documents as being related to Phnom Penh. However, it is specified that one can visit the nearby Mekong River after touring the Royal Palace grounds.  But to directly answer your question based on what I found:   Phnom Penh stands on the Tonle Sap River, as well as having a scenic path along its water's edge known as Sisowath Quay.
The aqueous humour. According to the document, it is "a thick, watery substance that fills the space between the lens and the cornea."
Cornelius Ryan.
Oliver Cromwell.
The Nebuchadnezzar holds around 16 liters (equal to 20 standards), and it's also mentioned that "The Nebuchadnezzar is another large wine bottle size. It has an average size of about 31",". However, there is no direct mention of the height for a specific bottle that can hold exactly 16 standard bottles.  However, according to the text, the Nebuchadnezzar holds around 16 liters which is approximately equal to 20 standards, so it seems likely this would be the correct answer.
Unfortunately, I couldn't find any mention of the advertising slogan "Forces grey out, forces white in" in the provided document. It's possible that this is a well-known phrase from a car advert not mentioned in the article. If you have more context or information about where you heard this phrase, I may be able to help further.
Argentina.
County Durham.
Marat Safin is Russian.
William Walton.
According to the list of Chinese Years from 1900 to 2100, the year 1998 corresponds to the "Dragon" in the Chinese Zodiac.
Italianate
All Fools' Day.
According to the article, in 1983, Nena sang about "99 Luftballons", which is German for "99 red balloons".
The tongue is removed during a glossectomy.
According to the documents, what Americans commonly refer to as a "stroller" is what Brits would call a "pram", "pushchair", or "buggy".
There is no information provided about the chart-topping singles in '88 or '90. The article only mentions Band Aid II topping the charts in 1989 and does not provide information on other years.
The Black Sea.
According to the document, the mother of the English kings Richard I and John was Eleanor of Aquitaine. She married Henry II and had several children with him, including Richard and John.
Auguste Rodin.
The phrase "Kia Ora" comes from the Maori language.
A creature similar to a dragon with two legs and two wings.
Venice.
Attila the Hun. The Latin statement "Ego sum Attila flagellum Dei" translates to "I am Attila, the scourge of God."
According to the article, The New York Times won 7 Pulitzer Prizes in 2002, which is the highest number of awards won by a single newspaper for journalism.
The River Stour.
The answer is: Flash Memory.
John Simm played Dr. Alec Jeffreys, the discoverer of genetic fingerprinting, in the 2015 ITV drama "Code of a Killer".
The musical "South Pacific" by Rodgers & Hammerstein.
Betty Ford, the widow of President Gerald Ford, opened the Betty Ford Center in Rancho Mirage, California, in 1982.
There is no answer provided in your question regarding the specific US city where the TV comedy series "Frasier" is set.  However, I can provide you with the correct information: The TV comedy series "Frasier" is set in Seattle, Washington.
The term you are looking for is " filibuster". A filibuster is a parliamentary procedure used to delay or block the passage of a bill or other measure in a legislative body, typically through extended speechmaking, procedural maneuvers, or other tactics.
According to the documents provided, Sicily is the largest island in the Mediterranean Sea, with an area of 9,927 square miles.
Israel. According to the document, the first "Uzi" submachine gun was developed by Israel Army lieutenant Uziel Gal in 1949.
Sigmund Freud.
A rhombus.
Ganymede orbits the planet Jupiter.
The Young Apprentice, a spin-off of The Apprentice, in which Lord Sugar is one of the judges.
Physics. According to the document, a graviton is "a hypothetical force-carrying particle" from the field of physics.
According to the text, Britain and France were the main opponents of Russia in the Crimean War. The text states: "why France and Britain got involved in a conflict that developed in the Balkans between Turkey and Russia?" This implies that Turkey was also a participant in the war, but it does not specify that it was a strong opponent like Britain and France.
Paisley. According to the document, the article states "The Paisley side were relegated from the top flight in 2015..." and also mentions that Fitzpatrick is "hugely ambitious in terms of success on the pitch and swelling home crowds... That potential is here in Paisley."
Neither is mentioned in the provided text as being formed in the same decade. However, it can be inferred that they were likely formed around the same time period since the Yorkshire County Cricket Club was founded in 1863 and has a long-standing rivalry with Lancashire. Lancashire County Cricket Club was also formed in 1864.
Edward IV, George (Duke of Clarence), and Richard III were all sons of Richard, Duke of York, and Cecily Neville. However, based on the given options:  All three are mentioned as their children in the provided documents.   Edward IV was born on 28 April 1442 George Plantagenet, Duke of Clarence, b. 21 October 1449  Richard III, King of England, b. 2 October 1452
The answer is: The Knight.
According to Norse mythology, Frey (also spelled Freyr) was the god of peace and fertility, rain, and sunshine. He was also associated with wealth, prosperity, good fortune, happiness, and peace.
Feeble.
The Super Bowl is the USA national championship game that matches this description. It is played on a Sunday in February and is the second-largest US food consumption day, after Thanksgiving Day.
South Africa. The operation was performed at Groote Schuur Hospital in Cape Town by Dr. Christiaan Barnard on December 3, 1967.
Smoked haddock is used in the traditional Scottish dish 'Cullen Skink'.
Feeble
The Tulliver family lives at Dorlcote Mill in the work "The Mill on the Floss" by George Eliot.
General J. C. Smuts was the South African Prime Minister from 1939 to 1948, but he resigned in May 1948 and was succeeded by Daniel François Malan, although he remained a key figure in the government until June 4th 1948.  However, based on the provided dates, it appears that General J. C. Smuts was indeed the South African Prime Minister from September 5th, 1939 to May 1948 (when Daniel François Malan took over), but not exactly until June 4th, 1948 (which would have been after his actual tenure ended).
Georgia
According to the definition, a desiccant induces or sustains a state of dryness (desiccation) in its vicinity.
Procrastination.
The documents do not explicitly state in which continent the Mekong River rises. However, based on general knowledge and geography, it is known that the Mekong River originates from the Tibetan Plateau in Asia.  So, I'll answer: Asia
A large bird, specifically a flightless bird that is extinct and native to New Zealand.
Juan Manuel Fangio.
Ireland. According to the article, "A 'No' vote on the Lisbon Treaty... would stop it coming into force across the 27-nation community" and also states that Ireland is the only country to hold a referendum on it.
On Janet Jackson's 1990 list of hits, "Love Will Never Do Without You" is her fifth number one single, but it doesn't specify what comes next. However, we can see that the song is part of the list in 1990, and we have to go back in time or look for another information source to determine what comes next.  According to Janet Jackson's 10 Biggest Hit Songs (though this question has its own info), her sixth number one hit is "Black Cat", but it doesn't belong to the same year as "Love Will Never Do Without You".
MTV (Music Television)
The answer is Sodium.
Elkie Brooks (born Elaine Bookbinder)
"All My Yesterdays" is the autobiography of Edward G Robinson.
According to the text, this year (2014) is the "Year of the Wooden Horse".
Unfortunately, I don't have any information about a specific cup being awarded for the Men's Singles winner at the French Open. However, the trophy awarded to the Men's Singles champion at the French Open is called the Coupe des Mousquetaires (Musketeer's Cup).
Motor oil.
Socrates.
The Dandie Dinmont terrier, which was named after Sir Walter Scott's fictional character from his 1814 novel "Guy Mannering".
There is no mention of the term you're asking about in the provided documents.
The Battle of Tewkesbury was fought in Tewkesbury, Gloucestershire, England.
The Battle of Cabin Creek took place during the American Civil War.
Trilby.
Leisure
According to the provided documents, I couldn't find any information about a music group specifically named after the main character in the 1984 film "Paris, Texas." However, Ry Cooder was involved in the production of the film's score.  However, if you're thinking of the band that got their name from this movie, it is indeed Ry Cooder's collaborator, Wim Mertens mentioned in his introduction to a recording where he said that "The name Paris Texas comes from the film 'Paris Texas' by Wim Wenders"
The film 'Once' is set in Dublin, Ireland.
Cavitation.
The answer is: Albert, Christian, and Edward are the forenames shared by King Edward VII and his son Prince George (later King George V)
According to The Free Dictionary, the capital of Gabon is Libreville.
The title character in Verdi's "Rigoletto" is a hunchbacked jester, and his daughter's name is Gilda.
The asteroid belt lies roughly between Mars and Jupiter in our solar system.
According to historical records, Thomas Jefferson is considered the primary author of the Declaration of Independence. He wrote the draft between June 11 and 28, 1776, which was then reviewed and adopted by the Continental Congress.
According to the document, alveoli are found in the lungs. In fact, an estimated 300 million per lung are packed with them.
"Absolutely Fabulous", a British sitcom created by Jennifer Saunders.
According to 2 Kings 2:1-17 (as referenced by FreeBibleimages), Elijah is the prophet who was taken up to heaven in a fiery chariot.
Unfortunately, I couldn't find any information on the series of books that were illustrated by E.M. Shepherd in the provided document or through my knowledge search. The documents provided are about how to read good books and don't mention anything about E.M. Shepherd's illustrations. If you could provide more context or details about E.M. Shepherd, I'd be happy to try and help further!
Love's Labour's Lost.
This quote is spoken by Portia in The Merchant of Venice. However, I notice that this question isn't related to the provided document. But if you'd like to know about a similar quote from one of the characters mentioned in the article, here's an answer:  The quote "A man more sinn'd against than sinning" is spoken by King Lear.
There is no mention of any nature reserve around the upper Coppename River being designated as a UNESCO World Heritage Site. However, I can see that you are looking for information on Bolivia.  According to the provided text, there is an entry related to Senegal, but it mentions the "Island of Saint-Louis", not a nature reserve in South America.  However, after searching through the provided text, I found the following information about Peru:  * "Peru"  It seems that this is the closest match.
None. The article does not mention any member of the 2009 Team GB winning this year's Milan-San Remo cycle race. In fact, it mentions Gerald Ciolek of MTN-Qhubeka as the winner.
The Earth Pig is also known as a person born in the year 1959, or an individual associated with the earth element and pig sign in Feng Shui.
According to the documents provided, Mary Baker Eddy founded the Christian Science Church in 1877, after marrying Asa Albert Eddy. However, she had begun to develop her ideas and teachings on Christian Science earlier, publishing her book "Science and Health with Key to the Scriptures" in 1875.
Newfoundland and Labrador.
Basketball.
The answer is: France.  The document explains that the Tricolor (also known as Le Tricolor) is the flag of France, consisting of three colors: blue, white, and red.
Saint Kitts and Nevis is a Caribbean country consisting of two main islands. However, it's not the smallest nation in the Western Hemisphere.  The correct answer to this question is actually Saint Vincent and the Grenadines (not mentioned in the document) or Saint Lucia (also not mentioned), but if we consider the information provided, San Marino (ranked 5th with 61 km2 area) is completely surrounded by Italy, and Malta (ranked 9th with 316 km2 area) is an island country located in the Mediterranean Sea.
Wall Street (1987)
David Trimble (UUP) and Gerry Adams (SF) were both elected as leaders of their parties but not necessarily as First Minister. However, according to my research, David Trimble was indeed the leader of the largest party (the UUP) after the election in 1998 and was subsequently appointed as the First Minister of the Northern Ireland Assembly, with Seamus Mallon (SDLP) serving as Deputy First Minister.
The answer is Chitty Chitty Bang Bang.
Reginald
Butterflies primarily taste with their feet, which have tiny sensory organelles.
Lon Chaney, Jr. plays the role of "The Wolf Man" (Larry Talbot) in the 1941 horror film 'The Wolf Man'.
Bart Simpson, voiced by Nancy Cartwright on The Simpsons.
Melinda.
According to the first definition provided by The Free Dictionary, Winchester was the capital of the Anglo-Saxon kingdom of Wessex.
Unfortunately, this question is not directly related to the provided documents, but based on general knowledge, the answer would be:   Sean Connery as James Bond's private screening quote was attributed to John F. Kennedy
Japan. According to the document, Anpan is described as "a Japanese sweet roll most commonly filled with red bean paste."
Spencer Tracy's last film was indeed "Guess Who's Coming to Dinner" (1967), as he passed away shortly after completing the movie.
Hannah Montana.
Spencer Perceval, who was the Prime Minister of Britain.
The United States. Blair House is located in Washington D.C., across from the White House, and serves as a guest house for visiting heads of state and delegations.
Henri Rousseau.
Fay Wray played the role of Ann Darrow in the 1933 film 'King Kong'.
Unfortunately, none of the provided documents explicitly state that a river is the longest one "entirely" in Spain. However, based on the information in the documents, it can be inferred that the Tagus River is likely to be the longest one entirely in Spain, as it is mentioned that about 445 miles of its length run through Spain, which is the majority of its total length.  So, while I'm not certain, my best guess would be:  The Tagus River.
The Jewish New Year is in Tishri, which is the seventh month of the Jewish calendar. However, a specific name for the Jewish New Year is not mentioned in the text. It is likely that you are thinking of Rosh Hashanah (also known as Yom Ha-Zikkaron or Yamim Noraim), which falls on the first day of Tishri and is considered the beginning of the new year on the Jewish calendar.
According to the text, Neophobia is the fear of new things.
Denmark.
Henry VII. He was the founder of the Tudor Dynasty and married Elizabeth of York to unite the houses of Lancaster and York. According to the text, his mother was Margaret Beaufort, who risked everything to see her son on the throne.
Based on the documents, Nariyal is the Indian term for a Coconut.
Buttermilk.
Will Ferrell. He played the role of Buddy Hobbs, an elf who discovers he's actually human and goes to find his birth family.
Anorexia, which comes from the Greek adjective anorektos, meaning "without appetite."
France. According to the document, Cyriaque Gavillon, a French pastry chef, created the Opera Cake at the legendary Dalloyau shop in Paris in 1955.
Tonitrophobia is the fear of thunderstorms or lightning.
According to Roman mythology, Flora was the goddess of flowers.
Deciduous trees lose their leaves in the winter. Examples include oak trees, maple trees, fruit and nut trees (such as plum, cherry, crabapple, walnut, and hickory), and other species like horsechestnut, buckeye, sassafras, sweetgum, American sycamore, red mulberry, tuliptree, slippery elm, beech, eastern hophornbeam, birches, cottonwoods, alders, and willows.
David Lean.
Sean Penn. They were married from August 1985 to 1989.
The answer to your question is none. However, I can tell you that there are two Asian cities named after rivers:  1. Guangzhou (formerly known as Canton), which is in southern China and named after the Pearl River. 2. Dalian, which is a coastal city in northeastern China and shares its name with the Dalian River.  But neither of these cities share their names with the River Yar or any other river on the Isle of Wight!
Muscovite. According to the provided text, muscovite is a processed form of the geological mineral that also goes by the name "mica".
The Model 1894 Winchester Lever-Action Rifle.
T.E. Lawrence (also known as "Lawrence of Arabia") had a Greek inscription, translating to "Why worry?", chiselled by him into the lintel above the door at Clouds Hill, his cottage in Dorset.
Reginald Hill.
The Kodiak bear is the largest sub-species of brown bear and it rivals the polar bear as the largest member of the bear family.
C.S. Lewis.
Callahan. The main character's name is Harry Callahan.
Kirk Douglas played the title role in Spartacus (1960).
Prince Edward, Duke of Kent.
The European Union (EU).
10 points.
According to the document, as of 2014, Mexico is the largest Spanish-speaking country in the world with a population over 105 million people.
Inverness overlooks the Beauly Firth and the Moray Firth (via the Inverness Firth).
The document does not mention the number of home runs Ty Cobb hit in the World Series. It only mentions his performance in the 1907 season, when the Tigers rode success all the way to the World Series, but it does not provide specific statistics for that series or any other World Series appearances.
Kerosene.
Icterus is commonly called jaundice.
Zubin Mehta is not from India, but he is of Parsi descent, a community of Iranian origin. He was born in Bombay (now Mumbai), India, but moved to Canada at a young age.  So, the answer is: There was no Indian conductor for the Three Tenors concert in Rome or Los Angeles. The conductor was Zubin Mehta, who is now a Canadian citizen and an Israeli-born conductor of Parsi descent.
The nickname of the character played by Jeff Bridges in the 1998 film "The Big Lebowski" is "Jeff 'The Dude' Lebowski".
The highly toxic protein obtained from the pressed seeds of the castor oil plant is called ricin.
The United States (US) are the reigning Olympic Rugby Union champions.
Mark Rothko, a Russian-American Abstract Expressionist painter. He was born in Dvinsk (now Daugavpils), Latvia.
Bantamweight (118lbs).
The document states that the constituency of Norwich South is "divided from Norwich North by the river Wensum". Therefore, it can be inferred that the river Wensum runs through or near Norwich.
According to the text, there is no fixed maximum number of cardinals. Pope Sixtus V set a maximum of 70, but this was later increased and now exceeds 100. However, only those under 80 years old are eligible to vote in papal elections, which limits their number to around 120 (although John Paul II appointed more than that on several occasions).
The answer is Squash.   These individuals have all been prominent in squash, particularly through international competition such as the Commonwealth Games.
Field hockey.
Massachusetts became the first state to legalize same-sex marriage on May 17, 2004, following a ruling by the state's highest court in 2003.
According to the text, "Bobby George" was originally known as just "Bobby George", but later had several monikers including "Mister Glitter". However, it appears that Bobby George himself was given these nicknames rather than being the one with them. The correct answer is actually Bobby George himself.
Malkovich. The full title is "Being John Malkovich".
1957.
Isaac Newton.
According to the document, the Mason-Dixon line separates Pennsylvania and Maryland.
There is no information about Droitwich or Kidderminster being mentioned as being located in Northwich. However, based on geographical location, both Droitwich and Kidderminster are actually located in Worcestershire, England.  So the answer would be: Worcestershire.
Narita is located in Japan. According to the article, it's a city "right beside" Japan's best-known international airport, which attracts upwards of 35 million fliers annually. Specifically, the city can be accessed from the airport by train (Keisei line) or taxi within 10 minutes.
The glass ceiling.
According to the documents provided, if a creature is edentulous, it does not have teeth.
According to the document, Peter Falk received an Emmy Award for his performance in a 1962 episode of "The Dick Powell Show" titled "The Price of Tomatoes".
Lowestoft, specifically Ness Point, is situated at the most easterly location in the UK within Suffolk.
Katniss Everdeen is a protagonist in "The Hunger Games" trilogy.
There is no mention in the article of Gary Lineker joining Everton. The text does mention that Leicester City forward Emile Heskey was being courted by Liverpool for a £6m deal.   However, there is information about Gary Lineker mentioning that he and Emile Heskey went to the same school.
Barack Obama, the then-Democratic presidential contender.
King Edward II.
Irving Stone, based on his novel of the same name.
The Herschel Family.  Specifically, it refers to three members of the Herschel family who were prominent astronomers during that period:  1. William Herschel (1738-1822) - discovered Uranus. 2. Caroline Herschel (1750-1848) - compiled a star catalogue and mapped all the stars in the Northern hemisphere. 3. John Herschel (1792-1871) - founded an observatory to map the stars in the Southern hemisphere.  The passage from "Who's Who" refers to these three members of the Herschel family and their contributions to astronomy during that period.
Baked Alaska. According to the text, the Norwegian Omelette is actually a Baked Alaska, and its name was given to it by an uneducated chef who mistakenly associated Norway with the discovery of the dessert's unique properties related to heat and ice.
The phonautograph.
There is no question provided. However, based on your hint that you want an answer to a question related to the documents listed, I'm assuming the correct question is:  "Between which latitudes north does the southern border between Canada and the United States of America run?"  The answer is: 49° N (northernmost point) and 42.5°N (southernmost point).
