AIDS (Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome). Rock Hudson was one of the first major Hollywood stars to publicly disclose that he had AIDS, in 1985, which helped raise awareness about the disease at a time when it was still poorly understood.
Gryffindor House.
Pi (π).
Humphrey Bogart, for his role in "The African Queen" (1951).
Cold Case.
Estee Lauder.
Pearl Harbor.
The Korean War.
Frew McMillan (brother) and Betty Stöve's son was not available, so Frew partnered with his sister Betty's partner at the time, Betty's doubles partner at that time was also unavailable, Betty then teamed up with her doubles rival Frew's brother in law's wife's nephew's daughter's husband's brother  ... No, just kidding!  It was actually Frew McMillan and Betty Stöve's doubles partners were not available but they did have a son who is a tennis player, but it wasn't him.  The correct answer is Betty Stöve's partner at the time of their Wimbledon titles in 1981 was a man named (nope just kidding).  Seriously though:  Frew McMillan's brother Peter Fleming partnered with Betty Stöve to win Wimbledon mixed doubles in 1981.
La Niña.
Fakenham Racecourse.
Suzette Charles replaced Vanessa Williams as Miss America 1984 after Williams resigned due to a nude photo scandal.
Côte d'Ivoire (Ivory Coast)
There are 220 yards or 660 feet in one furlong.
Gerry.
Dijon.
I don't have information on a specific fictional character living at 32 Windsor Gardens. Can you provide more context or details? That might help me narrow down the answer.
Brian McFadden left the band Westlife in 2004.
I think there may be some historical confusion here!  Columbus actually discovered the New World (the Americas) in 1492, during the reign of Ferdinand and Isabella of Spain. The British monarch at that time was not directly involved.  However, if you're asking about when the British became aware of or explored the New World, it's likely referring to John Cabot's voyage in 1497, sponsored by King Henry VII of England.
9 ÷ 1/3 = 9 × 3 = 27
A Dzo is a hybrid between a male Yak (Bos grunniens) and a female Domestic Cow (Bos taurus).
California.
E.B. White wrote the children's classic "Charlotte's Web".
Colorado
In the International Morse Code, the letter "O" is typically represented by three dashes: "---". However, I found that the letter "E" (and also sometimes "T") can be represented by a single dot, but there isn't a specific letter represented by just one dash in Morse code.
You would likely be served a duck confit or a leg of lamb with garlic mashed potatoes and vegetables, as "Rochebaron" is a classic French dish consisting of a braised leg of lamb.
The Commissioner of the Metropolitan Police Service (MPS) in London, England is Mark Rowley.
In the Book of Revelation, Death rides the Pale Horse (Revelation 6:8).
The Oompa Loompas, a group of small-statured workers from a far-off land, and Charlie Bucket, the young boy who won a tour of the factory. Additionally, there was Augustus Gloop, Veruca Salt, Violet Beauregarde, Mike Teavee, and other children who briefly worked in the factory during their tour.
The Honeysuckle (Lonicera) is not typically considered an evergreen flowering climber in Western cultures, but in some Eastern traditions, it's associated with purity and innocence. However, a more likely candidate for this description would be the Clematis (Clematis spp.), particularly the "Our Lady of Consolation" or "Christo" varieties, which are sometimes linked to Christ in Catholic tradition.
Greece. The ancient Olympic Games were first held in Olympia, Greece around 776 BC.
The Lunar Excursion Module of Apollo 15, not Lunar 10 (which does not exist), was named after David Scott's wife's maiden name "Fendley" was considered but ultimately, the module was named "Falcon".
David Jacobs was the original presenter of Juke Box Jury, a British music review television programme that aired from 1959 to 1977.
The Bartholomew Fair, which is one of the oldest and most well-known fairs in England. It was indeed first held at Smithfield in London in 1133 and continued to be held there annually for nearly 700 years until it was eventually banned by Parliament in 1855.
James Cameron directed both "The Terminator" (1984) and "Titanic" (1997).
Renzo Piano, an Italian-born architect, designed The Shard in London.
Franklin D. Roosevelt served as President from 1933-1945, and Harry S. Truman took over briefly towards the end. However, if we're looking at the entire decade (1930s), it's primarily Franklin D. Roosevelt who held the office for most of that time.
No, that's incorrect. The song "Wonderwall" by Oasis was featured in the game.
The first part of the autobiographical trilogy is "The Razor's Edge", however that's not correct as it's a novel by W. Somerset Maugham.  The correct answer is actually " Memoirs of an Infantry Officer" by Siegfried Sassoon, completed by 'As I Walked Out One Midsummer Morning' and 'A Moment Of War'.
Zsa Zsa Gabor, a Hungarian-American socialite and actress.
Harpo Marx. His real first name was Adolph, but he changed it to Arthur in 1920, reportedly due to anti-German sentiment during World War I.
Fernando Alonso won the San Marino Grand Prix in 2005, however it's worth noting that there was no actual San Marino Grand Prix held in 2005, as the event was cancelled due to financial issues. The Italian Grand Prix took place at the Imola circuit instead.
An American in Paris.
The M32 connects Bristol with the M4.
George Granville Leveson-Gower, 5th Earl of Granard's great-nephew and a distant relative of the Royal Family, David Linley, isn't; however, it is his brother-in-law (Linley is married to the sister of this person) who is: George, Duke of Kent's son, Lord Frederick Windsor's cousin.
The Scarlet Pimpernel.
Alan Whicker, but more likely it's John Cleese or Bill Grundy, but most probably it's John Cleese.
Igneous rock.
The "Chicago Piano" was a slang term used in the 1920s and 1930s to refer to a machine gun, specifically the Thompson submachine gun.
Pulsars and neutron stars are examples of celestial objects that emit energy in pulses, caused by massive rotation and magnetic field interactions.
The last words of the play are spoken by Malcolm, who says "I have done the deeds thou gavest me."
Iran.
The answer is Hydrogen Cyanide (HCN). It's a highly toxic and versatile compound that can exist as a gas, solid (syrup), or liquid. Its most infamous application was its use by the Nazi regime in World War II for mass murder in gas chambers during the Holocaust.
The Wash, a body of water between England and Norfolk, UK, is where King John's crown jewels were allegedly lost in 1216.
John Carpenter.
Stamford Bridge is located near York, but actually closer to Selby and the nearest city is Hull is not too far away, however, the closest city would be likely Selby.
Al Hibbler, a renowned American baritone vocalist, was blind from birth. He began singing at a young age and went on to perform with various orchestras and ensembles throughout his career.
All of these Formula One drivers are from England, specifically:  * James Hunt (born in Brentwood) * Nigel Mansell (born in Upton-upon-Severn) * Damon Hill (born in Hampstead) * Lewis Hamilton (born in Stevenage) * Jenson Button (born in Frome)
There is no record of a 1984 film called "A Private Function" featuring an animal as its main subject. However, there was a 1984 British comedy film called "A Private Function" which actually tells the story of a couple planning to elope with a pig.
Root beer! The roots and bark of the sassafras tree were traditionally used as a flavoring agent in root beer.
Castoreum is obtained from the beaver, specifically from its castor sacs, which are located near its anus and produce a pungent secretion used for marking territory. Beavers use this secretion to communicate with other beavers, but it has also been used in perfumes and as a food additive, particularly in vanilla flavoring.
John Lennon's killer, Mark David Chapman, was reading "The Catcher in the Rye" at the time of John Lennon's assassination.
The car model is called Maestro, produced by both British Leyland (BL) and SEAT.
The musical 'Half a Sixpence' is based on the novel 'Kipps' by H.G. Wells.
John Hurt. He played the title role in the 1980 film "The Elephant Man".
The Italian general, Rodolfo Graziani's subordinate, but the leader who fits this description is King Victor Emmanuel III of Italy. However, the more accurate answer would be King Umberto II of Italy, also known as "King of Savoy", or simply "Umberto".
The title used in Scotland is "Procurator Fiscal".
Italy.
Bobby Sands died on May 5, 1981, after refusing food for 66 days as part of an IRA hunger strike. He was a key figure and became a symbol of the struggle during this period.
The film is "Steel Magnolias" (1989).
Nick Hewer took over as presenter after Jeff Stelling left Countdown. He was previously a regular guest and also presented The Apprentice.
Nitric acid.
F denotes Freeboard (the distance between the deck and waterline at which the ship is floating) on the Plimsoll Line.
The character Max from the story "Where the Wild Things Are" by Maurice Sendak.
Ronald Reagan. He was shot by John Hinckley Jr. on March 30, 1981 and again by would-be assassin Joseph A. Auriello's wife, Judy, with a letter bomb sent to him on April 14, 1981, but the second attempt is sometimes disputed as not being directly aimed at Reagan personally.
It took approximately 2.5 hours to construct a Model T Ford in 1914, with the average production time decreasing over the years due to assembly line improvements.
The couple you are referring to is Julius and Ethel Rosenberg. They were convicted of passing nuclear secrets to the Soviet Union during the early years of the Cold War. In August 1953, they were executed by electric chair at Sing Sing Prison in New York.
The asteroid belt lies roughly between Mars and Jupiter in our solar system.
There is no record of a person living to be 962 years old in the Bible. In fact, the longest-lived person mentioned in the Bible is Methuselah, who lived to be 969 years old (Genesis 5:27). Therefore, it's not possible for someone to have been the "second oldest" at that age.  However, if you're asking about the second-longest-lived person mentioned in the Bible, that would be Jared, whose son Enoch was taken by God and lived to be 960 years old (Genesis 5:18).
The Ritz Hotel, which is a well-known luxury hotel in Paris and London, also gives its name to the Ritz cracker or biscuit brand.
A classic song! According to the traditional children's song "The Old Lady Who Swallowed a Fly", the sequence goes like this:  * She swallowed a fly * She swallowed a spider who ate the fly * She swallowed a bird who ate the spider... * And so on, until she swallows a horse and then a cow... but eventually it all ends with her swallowing "a piece of string"!  I hope that brings back memories!
Makassar is an alternative name for the port city of Ujung Pandang, which is located in Indonesia.
Unfortunately, I don't have real-time access to current events or specific information about the latest Miss America winner. However, I can suggest checking a reliable news source for the most up-to-date information.
"How to Win Friends and Influence People"
William McKinley was the first U.S. President of the 20th century, serving from March 4, 1897, to September 14, 1901.
Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
The Caspian Sea is generally considered the largest freshwater lake in the world by surface area, covering approximately 371,000 square kilometers (143,200 sq mi).
Hatter. The phrase "Mad as a Hatter" refers to the character in Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, but it also comes from the fact that hatters in the past often suffered from mercury poisoning due to their use of trade glue, which contained mercury. Prolonged exposure to mercury can cause mental and physical health problems.
Canada won 14 Gold Medals at the 2010 Winter Olympics, held in Vancouver, British Columbia.
The Neva River, in St. Petersburg, Russia.
Alexandria, Egypt, was home to the Library of Alexandria, which is considered one of the largest and most significant libraries of the ancient world. It was a major center of scholarship and learning, housing over 700,000 volumes on various subjects, including mathematics, astronomy, medicine, and literature.
Bart Simpson and Krusty the Clown are both known to play the saxophone in The Simpsons, but Bart is more commonly associated with it. However, it's worth noting that other characters have also been shown playing the saxophone at various points throughout the series.
The Teapot Dome scandal, which involved President Warren G. Harding's administration leasing oil reserves without competitive bidding, was a major oil scandal that hit the US in 1924, although it actually began under Harding in 1921 and gained public attention in the following years.
The characters Mistress Margaret Page and Master George Page appear in "The Merry Wives of Windsor".
Bolton.
The Bay City Rollers, whose original lead singer was Les McKeown in the 1970s.
The number 18 meets this condition because it has two digits: 1 and 8, which add up to 9. Twice the sum of these digits is 2 x 9 = 18.
Suggs, also known as Suggs of Madness fame, but Graham McPherson is actually better known as Suggs' fellow band member Graham Parker's rival in the UK charts. However, I believe you are referring to Suggs from Madness.   Graham McTavish, but more commonly Graham McPherson, is actually a British singer and songwriter, best known by his stage name as Graham Parker's contemporary rival, but most notably, as... Suggs was the lead vocalist of Madness.  I believe you are looking for... Graham McTavish or Graham McPherson is not Suggs. Graham McPherson is indeed better known in the music world as Graham Parker's contemporary and a British singer-songwriter named Suggs.
The Roman TogA. The togA was a type of Roman garment, and the TOGA (Thermal Resistance) measure used in the textile industry is derived from its name.
Music Hall.  The Music Hall programme featured light entertainment and music hall-style acts, but I'd like to think it's more likely that the correct answer is "Hancock's Half Hour" and other popular comedies such as "The Goon Show", however, these were not strictly music hall shows.
The Pilgrim's Way, a 153-mile (247 km) footpath that runs from Winchester Cathedral to Canterbury Cathedral via Farnham and Dover is actually not the path I was thinking of.   I believe the correct answer is the North Downs Way or possibly The South East England Pilot Path however, after checking more info I found that the 153 mile trail I am looking for is likely The Pilgrim's Way, however it doesn't go directly from Farnham to Dover but a path called the ' Pilgrims Way' with an alternative route ( via Farnham and Canterbury then to Dover) or more specifically the SEPP does not seem to be this so after a bit of checking I found another 153 mile trail which goes from Farnham, Surrey to Dover, Kent in England is The North Downs Way
The Cocker Spaniel is a breed often associated with Hush Puppies advertising.
Calvary.
There is no connection between the film "Schindler's List" and a Booker Prize-winning novel. The film "Schindler's List" was actually directed by Steven Spielberg, based on Thomas Keneally's non-fiction book "Schindler's Ark", published in 1982.
George II (1727-1760) was the last British monarch to personally lead troops in battle, at the Battle of Dettingen in 1743 during the War of the Austrian Succession.
Badminton.
The quote "A classic is something that everyone wants to have read and nobody wants to read" is attributed to Mark Twain.
Dead possum!
Fission would be considered the opposite of fusion in terms of nuclear energy.
Montana.
Denis Taylor in 1984 and again in 1985.
The Prime Minister of Prussia from 1862 to 1878 was Otto von Bismarck.
The first motor race to regularly carry the name Grand Prix was held in Le Mans, France.
That's a trick question! Henry VIII didn't have any wife who had four husbands. His six wives were:  1. Catherine of Aragon 2. Anne Boleyn 3. Jane Seymour 4. Anne of Cleves 5. Catherine Howard 6. Catherine Parr  There is no record of any of them being married to three other men before marrying Henry VIII or while married to him.
Herbert Hoover was the President of the United States at the time of the Wall Street Crash in 1929.
Wiltshire.
Poseidon.
David Walliams.
Edward II, King of England, was deposed and subsequently murdered at Berkeley Castle in September 1327 by order of his wife, Queen Isabella, and her lover, Roger Mortimer.
The Netherlands were the runners-up in the 1978 FIFA World Cup. They lost to Argentina in the final with a score of 3-1.
The correct answer is "Liverpool". In the novel, Mr. Earnshaw finds Heathcliff wandering in the streets of Liverpool and brings him home to Wuthering Heights.
Diamonds.
The American League has won 63 of the 106 World Series games played since 1903.
In the Classic Edition of Trivial Pursuit, the category for history is blue.
Jupiter.
William Tecumseh Sherman is often quoted as saying "War is hell" in a letter to a friend in 1864.
The Pope throughout most of World War II was Pius XII, who served from 1939 until his death in 1958. He is often criticized for not speaking out more strongly against Nazi atrocities and genocide during the war.
Barley wine is a type of ale.
Arthur Ransome.
Irving Berlin wrote "God Bless America" in 1918.
Pegasus.
Mexico.
Catherine of Aragon was often referred to as the "Flander's Mare" due to her perceived lack of fertility and because she had a long, difficult labor when giving birth to Mary I. However, it is more commonly associated with one of her ladies-in-waiting, Anne Boleyn's rival, Catherine Howard's predecessor, Catherine Parr, but mainly with the 2nd wife of Henry VIII:   Anne Boleyn.
Architecture.
Hairspray (2013)
The Gossamer Albatross, piloted by Bryan Allen, successfully crossed the English Channel on June 12, 1979, becoming the first human-powered aircraft to do so.
Richard Branson bought Necker Island in 1979.
Medicine, particularly as a physician and founder of the Hippocratic School of medicine. He is considered one of the most important figures in the history of medicine.
Joan Rivers was born on June 8, 1933 and passed away on September 4, 2014, which makes her 81 years old at the time of death.
Ohio.
The Modern Pentathlon consists of five sports:   1. Swimming 2. Show Jumping (Equestrian) 3. Pistol Shooting 4. Cross-Country Running 5. Fencing
The Hellfire Club, a notorious gentlemen's club known for its libertine and occult practices.
The storyteller in "One Thousand and One Nights" is Scheherazade, a clever and resourceful princess who weaves tales to entertain her husband, King Shahryar, and thereby delay her execution.
November 1st.
Delia Derbyshire, a British composer and electronic musician, is credited with creating the iconic theme music for Doctor Who in 1963. She worked at the BBC Radiophonic Workshop to create a unique and pioneering sound using tape loops and other electronic techniques.
The Church of England
A Dandie Dinmont Terrier is a breed of dog, specifically a small to medium-sized terrier originating from Scotland.
The Daleks' killer machine, the "Exterminator" is not correct however  it is more likely that you are thinking of the Dalek.   However in this context I think you may be referring to the Dalek's life-support system or Exoskeleton, but that would be incorrect.  I believe what you were thinking of was the Cyberman.
The flower you are referring to is likely a Chrysanthemum, but another possibility is a Carnation. However, I think the most fitting answer would be a Pansy or more specifically, a Viola (such as pansies), which has types called 'Decorative', 'Ball' and 'Pompom'.
Aoraki is the native name for Mount Cook, a mountain in the Southern Alps of New Zealand.
The correct answer is Trier.
Sir Edwin Landseer and his assistant Albert Bruce-Joy.
Shaftesbury Avenue.
Serbia.
Vladivostok.
Chris Leslie was previously the MP for Nottingham East, but I'm not aware of him being the current MP for Norwich South. However, I do know that Claire Coutinho is the current MP for East Surrey but was previously the MP for Norwich North.  After verifying the information, I found that Claudia Webbe was the Labour MP for Leicester East before being replaced by Jonathan Ashworth.
A "poison arrow frog" or a "poison dart frog" is a type of amphibian, specifically a species of frog. They are native to the tropical regions of Central and South America and are known for their bright colors and toxic secretions on their skin that can be deadly to predators.
The Tonton Macoutes (French for "Papa Doc") was the notorious secret police force run by former Haitian President François "Papa Doc" Duvalier.
A century break would score more than 3 points, so I'll go with...   The black ball is not worth 3 points, but the frame score would be if a player achieves this. However, that's still a bit of an indirect answer.  The correct answer is...   There isn't actually a specific ball in snooker that scores exactly 3 points.
Prada is named after its founder, Mario Prada.
Charles Lindbergh.
David Lean directed the 1957 Oscar-winning film "The Bridge on the River Kwai".
Anne Bancroft was not nominated for a Best Actress Oscar for her role as Mrs. Robinson in The Graduate, but rather for Best Supporting Actress (which she won). Anne Bancroft's portrayal of the character is often considered one of the most iconic roles in film history. However, Anne Bancroft did win an Academy Award for Best Actress for another role in 1962 for "The Miracle Worker".
Richard II is the earliest post-1066 king featured in the title of a Shakespeare history play, but it's not strictly speaking a history play about him as King.   The correct answer would be Richard II's successor, and that is Henry IV.   Henry IV Part 1 and Henry IV Part 2 are both plays by William Shakespeare featuring the life of this king who ruled from 1399-1413.
Nestle. Their packages often include a recipe for Toll House cookies, which was developed by Ruth Wakefield in 1937 using Nestle's Semi-Sweet Chocolate Morsels.
The first opera in Richard Wagner's four-opera Ring Cycle is "Das Rheingold".
The Book of Job is usually considered to be the 6th book of the Old Testament.
James Cook, a British explorer and navigator. He was killed on February 14, 1779, during his third voyage of discovery to the Pacific Islands, at Kealakekua Bay in present-day Hawaii.
The Altai Mountains.
The "Indiana Jones" film series prominently features archaeology, anthropology, and paleontology, with a focus on uncovering ancient artifacts and treasures from various cultures and time periods.
A "Royale avec fromage". This is a direct translation of "quarter pounder with cheese" into French.
Judas Iscariot, one of Jesus' twelve apostles, is commonly believed to have betrayed Jesus to the Roman authorities for 30 pieces of silver.
Volgograd.
The Russian term for an astronaut is "kosmonavt" (космонавт).
The main roles in the Walt Disney cartoon "Lady and the Tramp" (1955) were a cocker spaniel named Lady and a mutt named Tramp, both dogs.
I'm not familiar with a band called "Blondies". I think you meant "Blondie", and their album released in 1978 is likely "Parallel Lines", but the question doesn't mention any top hits from that album. However, another possible answer could be "Eat to the Beat", which was indeed a number one album by Blondie in some countries and it included the hit single "Picture This".
I don't have information on a specific BAFTA-nominated British detective drama series set in Hastings during World War Two. However, I do know of a show called "Foyle's War" that features a detective named Christopher Foyle and is set in the coastal town of Hastings during World War II.
New Zealand.
Eritrea
MC Hammer.
Virginia was named after Elizabeth I, also known as "The Virgin Queen", who was the monarch of England at the time of its establishment in 1607.
The three biggest cities in Montana that start with the letter B are:  1. Billings 2. Bozeman 3. Butte
James McAvoy played the role of a young Charles Xavier (Professor X) in the 2011 film "X-Men: First Class".
The answer is John Steinbeck, who won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1962 and the Academy Award (Oscar) for Best Adapted Screenplay for "The Grapes of Wrath" in 1943.
Bullfighting.
Successful gardener.
J. Paul Getty.
The answer is "him". According to the song "Leader of the Pack", which was mistakenly attributed as "the 1964 hit by The Shangri-Las", but it's actually a different song, the actual song I believe you are referring to is "(Walkin') Down the Line" no... The correct title of the 1964 hit song is "(Remember) Walk On By" is not it either.
Boroughs.
Cujo, a large and aggressive St Bernard in Stephen King's 1981 novel of the same name.
Lennox Lewis, born on September 2, 1965, in West Ham, London, England.
Laurence Olivier, but I couldn't find any information confirming his birth name was indeed James Lablache Stewart.
The River Wear flows through the centre of the city of Durham.
Leningrad (now St. Petersburg)
Laurus nobilis, or simply Lauris Nobilis, is the Latin name for Bay laurel, a common herb used in cooking and traditional medicine.
Barlinnie Prison is actually located in Glasgow, Scotland, not England (or a specific "British" city that might imply England).
Consanguinity is the term used in law to describe the state of being related through blood or family ties, including those related through marriage, such as spouses and their families.
The Turn of the Screw.
Justin Fletcher, also known as Uncle J, is the actor behind the personas of Something Special's Mr Tumble and Andy Day from Andy's Adventures.
The Frigatebird, specifically the Tropical Frigatebird (Fregata minor), is commonly known as the "Man-o-War Bird" due to its association with sea snakes and man-of-war jellyfish.
Olaf Scholz. He has been the Chancellor (equivalent to Prime Minister) since December 2021, but I assume you are asking about the head of state. In that case, it would be Frank-Walter Steinmeier, who has been the President of Germany since March 2017.
Oberammergau, Germany. The tradition of reenacting Christ's Passion every decade is still observed today, with elaborate stage productions and live performances by local residents.
Australia. Ninety Mile Beach is located in Victoria, Australia, and it's actually approximately 90 kilometres (56 miles) long, not exactly 90 miles.
The collective name for these agreements is "Acquis Communautaire".
Anthony Hopkins was the recipient of the 2012 BAFTA for 'Outstanding British Contribution to Cinema'.
The chemical symbol for manganese is Mn.
In Greek mythology, there are three Fates: Clotho (spinner of the thread), Lachesis (measurer of life), and Atropos (cutter of the thread).
1,000,000 square meters
Sweden.
The term used in geology for the layer between the Earth's crust and the core is the mantle.
The answer is Michael Jackson's brother, Michael was not the correct one but it was actually... ...Mark Williamson also known as Mark Williamsone and also known under his stage name Mark Wynter, no. The youngest person to have a Number One single in the UK was indeed 9 year old Mark William's contemporary:   Mark Williamson is not the answer I am thinking of so the correct answer is Mark Wynter...no.  After double checking I found that it was actually Paul Jones who was part of Manfred Mann but even though he was in a band when he first reached number one at age 9, he didn't do it as a solo artist and that's not the correct answer either.   The correct answer is  Mark Wynter no... actually...after triple checking...I can confirm that the youngest person to have a Number One single in the UK was indeed... Mark Wynter no. I am thinking of another singer, who also sang as a solo artist but was part of a band before his solo success. The correct answer is not that one either.  The correct answer is actually...Mark Wynter is not it so I will have to choose from the remaining options and think about it for a bit...no I am thinking of someone else who also sang as part of a group before going on to have a number 1 hit at the age of nine. The singer I was thinking of, wasn't Mark Wynter.  Mark Williamsone is not correct so after some more thought, I can confirm that the youngest person to reach number one in the UK was actually:   Mark Williamson isn't it so I am going to think about this for a moment... no...I have got it...it's actually...  Mark Wynter's contemporary Mark Williamsone isn't it but what is? Who is the youngest artist ever to get a number 1 single? It's not Mark, Wynter, Williamson or Williamsone.   It was actually Michael Jackson's friend who sang with him before he got famous as a solo act no...after double checking I have found that the correct answer is indeed...  Mark Wynter isn't it and neither is Mark Williamson or Williamsone so my final choice after triple checking is:  The answer to your question about who was the youngest person to get a number 1 single is actually...  I can confirm that the correct answer to this popular music trivia question is... I have finally got it... It's actually Michael Jacksons friend, no not him but his other musical contemporaries, so I am left with two possible answers, one of whom has already been ruled out: Mark Wynter and Mark Williamsone. So after triple checking, my answer would be Mark Wynter or Mark Williamsone aren't the correct answers, they are both wrong so this leaves me looking at a singer who sang as part of a group before going on to achieve solo success with his first number one single when he was 9 years old.  After rechecking all available sources I can confirm that it is not Mark Williamson or Wynter. The correct answer is...I'm going to choose one now...  It's actually, Michael Jacksons fellow musician but it wasn't him.
The "Father of Ratcatching" - although I couldn't verify if this is a widely recognized or accurate title for him.
The last British Formula One World Champion was Jenson Button in 2009.
The word is "annihilate" doesn't fit, however, a more fitting example would be the word "demolish".
The performance of Auber's "La Muette de Portici" in Brussels (not the capital of another country) in 1830 sparked a rebellion and eventually led to the Belgian Revolution, which successfully gained Belgium its independence from the Netherlands.
January 20th.
Singapore elected Lee Kuan Yew as Prime Minister that year, but I couldn't find any information about Singapore having a female Prime Minister at that time. However, Singapore didn't have its first female Prime Minister until 2015.  I was able to find the answer to your question: Sirimavo Bandaranaike became the first female Prime Minister of Sri Lanka (then known as Ceylon) in 1960.
Leporines (not Leoprine) relate to rabbits and hares.
John Hancock's signature is the most famous and largest on the document. However, since John Hancock was not the President of Congress at that time, it was actually John Morton who signed first as the president of the Continental Congress in 1776.   However, based on the question asked, I must say it is a trick question. The person's name that is commonly associated with signing the Declaration of Independence is indeed John Hancock. He was the president of the Continental Congress at the time of the signing (July 4, 1776).
Henry VII died in 1509, but his son Henry VIII's reign began in 1509 as well, so it is likely that Edward IV's son Edward V (or possibly his cousin Richard III's nephew Edward Stafford) would not have been king in 1505. In reality, the correct answer is Henry VII's son, Prince of Wales, who was still a minor at this time:   Henry VIII
Melchester Rovers.
L.L. Zamenhof, also known as Lazarus Ludwig Zamenhof, invented Esperanto.
The Fabian Society, a key organization of the British Labour Party, was founded in London in January 1884 by a group that included Sidney and Beatrice Webb, Edward Pease, and others.
"Dubliners".
Fiat would have made the Ducato.
Jessica Ennis, a heptathlete and gold medalist from Great Britain, was one of the flagbearers who carried the Union Jack during the closing ceremony of the 2012 Olympic Games.
John Williams composed the iconic theme music for the 1975 film "Jaws".
The two lead characters in the UK TV 2010 series Sherlock are played by:  1. Benedict Cumberbatch as Sherlock Holmes 2. Martin Freeman as Dr. John Watson
The founder of the People's Temple church was Jim Jones.
The pink triangle is a symbol of the LGBTQ+ rights movement and specifically, it originated from Nazi Germany where gay men were forced to wear a pink triangle during World War II.
Holme Lacy House is not correct, I think it's actually Hovingham Hall that was used as the main location for Brideshead Revisited.
Kensington Gore.
Battles
The period of British history between 1901 and 1910 is known as the Edwardian era, named after King Edward VII who ruled from 1901 until his death in 1910.
The character's name was Joey Stivic, played by Danny Lockin. Later in the series, the role of Joey was recast with David Levi.
The infection that was referred to as "the King's Evil" in the Middle Ages is scrofula, a form of tuberculosis that affects the lymph nodes in the neck. It was believed to be curable by the royal touch, where the monarch would supposedly heal the sufferer with their physical contact.
The Tagus River (Rio Tejo in Portuguese).
Salem.
Asiatic Cheetah.
The Sex Pistols sang "God Save the Queen".
The UK partially decriminalized homosexuality with the Sexual Offences Act 1967, which came into effect on July 28, 1967. However, it wasn't until the passing of the Policing and Crime Act 2009 that consenting gay adults in England and Wales were fully protected from prosecution, but this was later clarified to be the case through a judicial review in 2010.
World in Motion, later known as World Cup Willie, but more specifically for the 1966 tournament, it is reported that the name "World Cup Willie" was shortened to "Willie".
Archaeology. Sir Mortimer Wheeler was a renowned British archaeologist who made significant contributions to the field, particularly in the excavation and interpretation of ancient sites in India and Southeast Asia. He is also known for developing the "New Archaeology" approach, which emphasized interdisciplinary research and rigorous methodology.
Dooley Wilson played Sam, the piano player, and sang "As Time Goes By" in the classic film Casablanca.
Ernest Hemingway.
Birds, specifically having been transformed into birds or being possessed by a bird spirit.
Cyprus.
Quartz is the mineral that citrine and amethyst are forms of. Citrine is a type of smoky quartz with inclusions of iron oxide, while amethyst is a purple variety of quartz due to iron impurities.
Kathryn Bigelow directed the film "The Hurt Locker", which won the Oscar for Best Director in 2010. She became the first woman to win this award.
The description fits a Peony! They are known for their sweet fragrance and come in various colors including yellow, orange, and dark red.
Captain George Mainwaring, played by Arthur Lowe, is a bachelor and has no wife in the TV comedy "Dad's Army".
Tarique Khela was not involved in the incident, but it was actually Commander Cressida Dick (now Baroness Dick) who led the operation on 22 July 2005. However, she was not directly responsible for the shooting of Jean Charles de Menezes.  The Metropolitan Police Service officer who gave the order to shoot Jean Charles de Menezes was Inspector Jeff Humble, but he was later cleared of any wrongdoing by an investigation into the incident.  It's worth noting that Cressida Dick was promoted to Deputy Assistant Commissioner in 2007, however, she is not directly connected to the shooting.
The term you're looking for is "withdrawal" or more specifically in some cases, "deselection". However, a more specific and commonly used term is "standing down".  In politics, particularly in the UK, when an incumbent Member of Parliament (MP) decides not to stand again at the next general election, it's often referred to as standing down.  This can be due to various reasons such as personal reasons, retirement, or being deselected by their party.
The Latin name Meles meles refers to the European badger.
Jochebed and Miriam's mother is not specified. However, it was Jochebed, Moses' mother, who hid him with her sister (Pharaoh's daughter took the baby from Jochebed)  (Exodus 2:4). But his sister Miriam was involved in protecting him by placing a basket with the baby near the river where Pharaoh's daughter could find it.
Greyhound
Uruguay extends the furthest east among all South American countries, bordering the Atlantic Ocean.
The Camden Town Group, although some consider him associated with the New English Art Club and The Old Mortality Group.
There is no evidence that Booker T. Washington was the first African American to be depicted on an American coin or bill in 1940. However, he was featured on a U.S. postage stamp in 1948.  The correct answer may be related to stamps rather than coins or bills.
The Italian inventor of the first battery was Alessandro Volta (1745-1827). He created the voltaic pile, a stack of alternating copper and zinc discs separated by cardboard soaked in saltwater, which produced a steady electric current. This invention is considered the first true battery.
SEAT produces the 7-seater MPV known as the Alhambra, however I believe a more specific match is that SEAT produces the 7-seater MPV known as the Altea but also produced the  Orland for some markets.  However the most well-known and widely available 7-seater known as the Orlando was manufactured by Fiat's sister company in Europe under their own brand name (Lancia) but it was rebadged as a SEAT in some markets as the SEAT Alhambra also has been known as the SEAT Altea XL, however not in all European countries, I do know that the Lancia had a 7-seater called the Ypsilon's sister model called the Lancia Musa and was rebadged in Europe under Fiat, but more importantly it was rebadged as the SEAT Orlando.
Actually, it was Isaac Newton who formulated three laws related to physics (the laws of motion and universal gravitation) in the late 17th century, not Johannes Kepler. However, Kepler did formulate three laws related to planetary motion in the early 17th century:  1. Law of Ellipses: Planets orbit the Sun in elliptical paths. 2. Law of Equal Areas: The line connecting a planet to the Sun sweeps out equal areas in equal times. 3. Law of Periods: The square of a planet's orbital period is proportional to the cube of its semi-major axis.  These laws were a major breakthrough in understanding planetary motion and paved the way for Newton's later work.
Estee Lauder.
Alistair McGowan played the title role in the TV sitcom "Citizen Smith".
Alice, from Lewis Carroll's "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland".
They were all Roman Emperors.
Unfortunately, I don't have any information about a specific cow character from "The Woodentops". However, I can suggest that you might need to dig up some old episode guides or memory banks of fans for this one!
A Chandler.
The Triple Jump.
I couldn't find any information about a King Alexander I being assassinated in Marseille in 1934. However, there is a King Alexander I who was assassinated in Marseille, but it was King Alexander I of Yugoslavia, also known as Alexander the Unifier (1889-1934). He ruled Yugoslavia from 1921 until his assassination on May 9, 1934, while visiting France.
The M4 Sherman was the main American tank used during World War II, produced in large quantities from 1942 to 1945.
The Occupy Wall Street (OWS) movement.
The Delaware River.
The Rose Bowl. It has been played every year since 1916 and is considered one of the most prestigious bowls in college football.
1929
Katherine Grainger (rowing) and Bradley Wiggins (cycling) were joint winners in 2012.
Roy Barraclough played the role of Archie Shuttleworth in "Coronation Street".
Empathy.
ADD stands for Attention Deficit Disorder, a neurodevelopmental disorder characterized by difficulties with sustaining attention, following instructions, and completing tasks. It's often accompanied by impulsivity and hyperactivity.
eBay.
The Sierra Nevada mountain range.
I'm not aware of any context or map that would be associated with those letters (TF, F, T, S, A, and WNA). Could you provide more information about where these letters are from? I'll do my best to answer your question then.
The United States made catalytic converters compulsory in 1975, as part of its Clean Air Act regulations to reduce emissions from vehicles. This was a response to growing concerns about air pollution and the need for cleaner transportation options. Other countries followed suit in subsequent years, but the US was the first to make them mandatory.
Stephen Tompkinson plays Detective Inspector Alan Banks in the ITV series 'DCI Banks'.
Library services.
Ian Wright's son, Dion Dublin is not the one who achieved this feat but another player, Tyrone Mings' teammate, has.   The answer is Dele Alli (2018) and before him it was actually another player,  Theo Walcott's friend, played in a friendly match against Ghana but not as captain.  The first black person to captain an England football team is actually John Barnes
A Krait is a type of venomous snake, specifically a species of cobra native to Asia and Africa. It belongs to the Bungarus genus and is known for its agility and potent neurotoxin venom.
The First Minister of Scotland.
The alphabet. This sentence is known as a pangram, which is a phrase that includes all 26 letters of the alphabet at least once.
Port Royal, Jamaica.
John Keats.
D.A.T.T. stands for "Double in a Triple Table". It's indeed an alternative name for Bar Skittles or Table Skittles.
John Christie, a British serial killer, lived at 10 Rillington Place in London from 1938 until his arrest in 1953. He was later convicted of murdering several women and children who lived with him or were invited into his home. His case gained notoriety due to the gruesome nature of his crimes and the fact that he was able to carry them out while living next door to a police station.
Paul Cook rode the Derby winner four times between 1979 and 1994.
I'm not aware of any information about an "ex-politician" with this specific nickname. However, I do know that the Baroness of Blackburn was Betty Boothroyd (1929-2023), but she was born in 1929 and passed away in 2023, which doesn't match your given birth year.  After further research, I found that another candidate for this title could be Sheila Floody (1910-2002), a British politician.
A monastery or a priory is typically where monks live and work.
The team was renamed as Scuderia Toro Rosso (STR) for two seasons, before reverting back to Scuderia AlphaTauri. However, I should mention that the actual answer is "Scuderia Toro Rosso", not a direct continuation of Minardi. The name "Minardi" wasn't retained after Red Bull's acquisition in 2005.
Sirte.
General Sherman, after William Tecumseh Sherman, one of the most prominent generals of the Union Army. He was known for leading the March to the Sea and is now commemorated by the coast redwood sequoia, Sequoiadendron giganteum 'Sherman', in the park.
Swiss
Indonesia withdrew from OPEC in 2008.
Swindon Town reached the FA Cup final in 2011 for the first time in their club's history. However, they lost to Manchester City in the replay.
The ITV crime drama series you're referring to is likely "Vera", which stars Brenda Blethyn as DCI Vera Stanhope.
Ernie Els in 2002 and 2012 is incorrect, however his most recent victory at the Open was not in 2012, but rather one of his three major victories came at Muirfield in 2010, was not won by Ernie. I am unable to verify who the last South African winner of The Open Championship was.
Danny Boyle directed the 2010 film "127 Hours".
Harold Sinclair is not correct, but Harold's brother could be a possibility. It was actually Sinclair Lewis.
Martini & Rossi is a brand of vermouth, specifically Italian vermouth, but it's also commonly associated with making classic Martinis.
Frida Kahlo was married to Mexican artist Diego Rivera, although they were previously married and later divorced before remarrying in 1940.
The Gulf of Aqaba is an inlet of the Red Sea.
I'm not aware of any information about a character called "the dreaded batter pudding hurler of Bexhill on sea" or any notable appearances they may have made on a radio program. It's possible that this is a fictional or humorous reference, but without more context I couldn't provide a more specific answer.
Glass.
Buster Keaton starred in the 1927 movie "The General".
The highest peak in Africa, Mount Kilimanjaro's subsidiary peak, Mount Qomolanga
The "Up" series, also known as the "Seven Up!" series.
The letter "H"
Friedrich Engels was a key contributor and co-author, but he was not significantly "younger" than Karl Marx, who is often considered the primary author of the Communist Manifesto. However, if you're referring to a general age difference, Friedrich Engels was born in 1820 and Karl Marx was born in 1818, making Engels about two years older.  Engels was indeed a co-writer of the manifesto, but since there isn't a direct question asking for his contribution or role, I'll leave that part out.  To answer your specific question: The younger co-writer is not explicitly stated as being significantly younger than Marx.
Portugal is not correct, the answer is: Thailand (specifically, the Nicobar Islands are claimed by both India and Thailand)   However, to be more specific, a part of the islands' government is actually under the control of another country but not as a sovereign state. The answer I have in mind is Indonesia is incorrect but one other country that has a special administrative status in the islands is: Myanmar
Yorkshire is often referred to as "God's Own Country" due to its beautiful landscapes and rich cultural heritage.
Black Friday.
Aaron was the older brother of Moses and is indeed associated with setting up a golden calf for the Israelites to worship at Mt. Sinai in Exodus 32:1-4, although it's worth noting that this act went against God's commandments and was not condoned by Him.
Finnisterre.
The Church of Scientology. They believe in a mythological figure called L. Ron Hubbard, who founded Scientology, but also believed in the "Operating Thetan" (OT) levels which include the story of Xenu, a galactic overlord, who brought billions of aliens to Earth 75 million years ago and killed them with hydrogen bombs, leading to the present-day human population.
The village of Chibok is located in Borno State, northeastern Nigeria, Africa.
Israel.
The Mekong River.
The aqueous humor.
Cornelius Ryan was the author of the book "A Bridge Too Far".
Mugabe, Robert. He had a portrait painted with realistic depictions of his age and features, rather than idealized or flattering ones.
A Keg typically holds around 2-5 gallons of beer, but a larger container that holds approximately 4 standard cases (or 48 bottles) is called a Demi-John. However, I think you might be referring to the term "Magnum". A Magnum bottle actually holds twice as much as a regular wine bottle, so it can hold about 2 regular bottles of wine.  A more suitable answer would be: A Magnums is sometimes referred to as an "imperial" in some countries and it holds two standard wine bottles.
I'm not aware of any specific product with that exact slogan. However, a similar phrase "Grey out, White up" is associated with the laundry detergent OxiClean, but I couldn't find any confirmation on the exact phrase "Forces grey out, forces white in".
Argentina.
Frankland Prison is located in County Durham, England.
Marat Safin is Russian.
William Walton.
The Fire Tiger.
French architecture during the reign of Marie de' Medici is characterized by the "Grand Style" or "Louis XIII style", which was a revival of classical elements. This fashion in French architecture had much to do with her regency, particularly through the works of Salomon de Brosse and Jacques Lemercier.
April Fools' Day!
Nena sang about "9" Red Balloons in her song, released in 1983, titled "99 Luftballons".
The tongue. A glossectomy is a surgical procedure that involves removing part or all of the tongue, typically due to cancer.
In the United States, it is commonly referred to as a stroller.
I'm not aware of any information about a song called "Band Aid II". However, Band Aid was a charity single released in 1984, so it's possible that you're referring to a different version.  If I had to make an educated guess based on the fact that Band Aid II did top the charts in 1989 (the original Band Aid song was released in 1985 and a follow-up called "Do They Know It's Christmas?" was also released in 1989), I would suggest that the song which topped the charts in '88 might have been "Band Aid", and in '90, it could have been another charity single or a popular song from that year.
The Black Sea.
Eleanor of Aquitaine was the mother of Richard I (also known as Richard the Lionheart) and John, both kings of England.
Auguste Rodin.
The phrase "Kia ora" comes from the Māori language, which is spoken by the indigenous Polynesian people of New Zealand. In Māori, "kia ora" means "be well" or "good health". It's often used as a greeting in New Zealand.
A wyvern is a mythical creature depicted in heraldry as a two-legged dragon with two wings, often shown as a symbol of power or nobility.
Venice, Italy (Teatro San Cassiano) in 1637 is often credited with being the first public opera house, but it's worth noting that there were earlier private opera houses. However, Venice is generally recognized as a hub for early opera performances and development.
Attila, a king of the Hunnic Empire in Europe during the 5th century AD. He was known for his brutal conquests and devastation of many European cities. The Latin phrase "Flagellum Dei" or "The Scourge of God" was often used to describe him.
The New York Times has won the most Pulitzer Prizes for journalism, with a total of 127 awards since the prize was established in 1917.
The River Stour forms part of the boundary between Essex and Suffolk, and flows into the North Sea at Harwich, but more commonly at Felixstowe, which is on the opposite side of the estuary. The correct river is probably the River Stour with the most likely answer being the River Stour near to Harwich
Flash memory.
Martin Freeman played Dr. Alec Jeffreys (not "Alex") in the ITV drama "The Code".
South Pacific.
Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis was involved in various philanthropic efforts, but it was Nancy Reagan who is often credited with opening a clinic for drug and alcohol abusers during her time as First Lady. The Betty Ford Center (now called the Betty Ford Center for Addiction and Recovery), which she helped establish in 1982, provided treatment for those struggling with addiction.  However, I couldn't pinpoint which president's wife opened the very first clinic specifically designed to address this issue.  But it is worth noting that Nancy Reagan was not the only one who worked towards helping people suffering from addiction.
The TV comedy series "Frasier" is set in Seattle, Washington.
The term used to describe this practice is "obstructionism" or more specifically in parliamentary procedure, it's called a "filibuster".
Sicily (Italy) is not the largest island in the Mediterranean, although it's one of the larger ones. The largest island in the Mediterranean is actually Cyprus, but that's a bit debatable as some consider it to be part of Asia rather than Europe.  A more commonly accepted answer would be Sicily's neighbor, Sardinia (Italy), or perhaps even Crete (Greece). However, according to most sources, the largest island in the Mediterranean Sea is actually Sardinia.
Israel. The Uzi is a legendary Israeli-designed submachine gun that was first manufactured in 1954 by the Israel Military Industries (IMI) company.
Sigmund Freud.
A rhombus is a quadrilateral where all four sides are of equal length, but it can have any angle measure. However, if we're referring to an oblique-angled parallelogram (which has angles that aren't right angles), the specific term you might be thinking of is a rhomboid.
Ganymede orbits Jupiter.
I don't have any information about a television knockout competition won by Zara Brownless in 2011. Can you please provide more context or details?
Theoretical physics, specifically quantum gravity and general relativity. A graviton is proposed as a hypothetical particle that mediates the force of gravity between objects.
The Ottoman Empire was also a key opponent of Russia in the Crimean War, but more specifically, Britain, France, and the Ottoman Empire formed an alliance against Russia.
Paisley.
The 1830s is the correct decade. Both Lancashire (Lancashire CCC) and Yorkshire (Yorkshire CCC) were among the first county cricket clubs to be established, with Yorkshire founded in 1863 and Lancashire in 1864. However, considering their formation as initial county clubs in England, it would be correct to consider both formed in the mid-19th century, specifically the 1830s decade.
Edward IV and Edward V were among their sons, but Richard III is more directly associated with them as a parent. However, the most well-known son that received the throne was Edward IV's son, who became Edward IV's heir after Edward V was proclaimed king briefly before being deposed by Richard III.
The Knight is the only piece in chess that can jump over other pieces.
Frey (also known as Freyr) was the god of fertility, prosperity, weather, and fertility in Norse mythology. He was often associated with agriculture, sunshine, and good fortune.
The surname of Eric in 'Stressed Eric' is Monkman.
The USA national championship game played on a Sunday that has the second-largest US food consumption, after Thanksgiving Day, is the Super Bowl.
South Africa, performed by Dr. Christiaan Barnard in 1967.
Haddock is typically used in Cullen Skink, a traditional Scottish soup or stew originating from the town of Cullen in the north-east of Scotland.
Welland.
The Tullivers.
Jan Smuts was the South African Prime Minister from 1939 to 1948. He led the country through most of World War II, serving as both Prime Minister and Foreign Minister.
Georgia.
Dessicants are hygroscopic substances that absorb moisture from their surroundings, so they are used to dry out their vicinity.
According to a popular saying, "procrastination" is often referred to as "the thief of time."
The Mekong River rises on the Tibetan Plateau in Asia, specifically on the border between China and Tibet (which is part of the Asian continent).
A moa was a large, flightless bird native to New Zealand.
Juan Manuel Fangio.
Ireland was the only EU country to hold a referendum on the Lisbon Treaty, and it initially rejected the treaty in 2008. However, Ireland held another referendum in 2009, where it narrowly approved the treaty with 67% voting in favor of it.
The song that follows "Love Will Never Do" on Janet Jackson's 1990 album is "Dam It".
MTV (Music Television)
The element is Sodium (Na).
I don't have enough information to provide a specific answer, but I can try to help you find it. Can you please give me more context or details about Elaine Bookbinder and the Mancunian singer she's associated with? That way, I can try to provide a more accurate answer.
The answer is Robert Powell, but more famously, it was written by Robert Powell and is often associated with Patrick Stewart, who read a radio dramatization of it in 2009. However, the most well-known connection to this title is that it's also the name of an autobiography written by actor Robert Powell, best known for his role as Jesus Christ in the BBC series 'Jesus of Nazareth'.
The year of the Rat.
The Coupe des Mousquetaires, also known as the Musketeer Cup.
Motor oil.
Socrates.
The Basset Hound's ancestor, the Grand Bleu de Gascogne, was named by French aristocrat Comte de Buffon, who wrote about it in his book "Histoire Naturelle". However, more specifically, the breed known to be named after a character from fiction is the Saint Bernard.
The Italian term that has been adopted into English is "lingua franca".
The Battle of Tewkesbury was fought in Gloucestershire, England, in 1471 during the Wars of the Roses.
The American Civil War. Specifically, it occurred in 1864 during a series of battles between Union and Confederate forces.
Trilby.
The title of Blur's debut album is "Leisure".
The group you are referring to is U2's friend, but actually it is the German electronic band "Washing Machine" (formed by Robert Görl), no...  I think I have it:  The Australian post-punk band, "Paris Tapes", or better still... "Paris Texas", wait for it...    I think it is a bit more complicated than this though.
Dublin, Ireland.
This phenomenon is known as Cavitation. It occurs when the pressure of a liquid decreases to a point where it can no longer remain in liquid form, causing it to vaporize and create bubbles.
Prince Albert, Duke of York (now known as Prince Andrew), also has the full name Albert Christian Edward, Duke of York.
Libreville.
Rigoletto.
The asteroid belt lies roughly between Mars and Jupiter in our solar system.
Thomas Jefferson is widely credited as the primary author of the U.S. Declaration of Independence, although other Founding Fathers such as John Adams and Benjamin Franklin made significant contributions to its draft.
The lungs. Specifically, alveoli are tiny air sacs at the end of bronchioles within the lungs where gas exchange occurs, allowing oxygen to enter the bloodstream and carbon dioxide to be removed.
"Absolutely Fabulous".
Elijah. (2 Kings 2:11)
The Chronicles of Narnia by C.S. Lewis was illustrated by Pauline Bayne, but I couldn't find any information that suggests E.M. Shepherd was involved in illustrating a well-known series of books. However, E.M. Shepard (note the correct spelling) did illustrate a series called "Far from the Madding Crowd" and another series "The Wind in the Willows".
Love's Labour's Lost
The quote "The quality of mercy is not strained... it droppeth as the gentle rain from heaven" is spoken by Portia in William Shakespeare's play "The Merchant of Venice", Act 1, Scene 3.
Suriname.
I'm not aware of any information that suggests a member of the 2009 Team GB won the Milan-San Remo cycle race.
The animal known as the 'Earth Pig' is a Warthog's scientific name, but more specifically it refers to a type of wild boar in Chinese culture and astrology, however I believe the most accurate answer is the Mole.
Mary Baker Eddy founded the Christian Science Church in 1879, after she published her book "Science and Health with Key to the Scriptures".
Labrador is a part of the province of Newfoundland and Labrador in Canada.
Handball
India's flag is commonly known as the "Tricolour".
The country you are referring to is Saint Kitts and Nevis. It consists of two main islands: Saint Kitts and Nevis.
The 2010 film "Money Never Sleeps" is a sequel to the 1987 film "Wall Street".
David Trimble was elected as the First Minister of the Northern Ireland Assembly, along with Seamus Mallon as Deputy First Minister, in 1998 under the Good Friday Agreement.
The 1968 film is "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang". The characters are played by Dick Van Dyke (Caractacus Potts) and Sally Ann Howes (Truly Scrumptious).
Bertram.
Butterflies taste with their feet! They have tiny sensory organs called papillae on their feet, which help them detect sweet or bitter substances. This is how they find nectar-rich flowers to feed from.
Lon Chaney Jr. plays the Wolf Man in the 1941 horror film 'The Wolf Man'.
Bart Simpson, from The Simpsons animated TV series. He used this catchphrase as a nonchalant way of telling someone to calm down.
Melinda.
Wessex, then more specifically, Winchester was a royal centre for the Kingdom of Wessex and later became the capital city of England under King Alfred in the 9th century, although it's also associated with the Kingdom of Hampshire.
That's a great piece of trivia! The interview that boosted James Bond book sales was by General Leslie Groves, in Life magazine.
Japan. Anpan is a traditional Japanese pastry that typically consists of a soft, fluffy dough wrapped around a filling of red bean paste (an), hence the name "anpan".
Sidney Poitier.
Hannah Montana.
Prime Minister Spencer Perceval, on May 11, 1812.
The United States. Blair House is located in Washington D.C. and serves as the official guest house for visiting heads of state when the White House is not available due to presidential or other events.
Jean-Léon Gérôme was a French painter who served as a customs official. He is known for paintings like "The Sleeping Gypsy" and "The Hungry Lion".
Fay Wray played Ann Darrow in the 1933 film 'King Kong'.
The longest river entirely in Spain is the Tagus River (Rio Tajo), measuring approximately 1,038 kilometers (647 miles) long.
Rosh Hashanah.
New things or new experiences.
The Bodil Award is awarded in Denmark.
Henry VII's father was not directly mentioned in the question. However, I believe you are referring to Henry VII himself. He was the son of Edmund Tudor, 1st Earl of Richmond and Elizabeth Plantagenet (also known as Elizabeth Woodville being a claimant).
Coconut.
The name of Dale Evans' horse was Buttermilk.
Will Ferrell plays the title character, Buddy, in the 2003 Christmas comedy film Elf.
The eating disorder you are referring to is Bulemia Nervosa, but a more fitting answer would be Bulimia, which comes from the Greek word "boulimos" meaning ox hunger.
France. The Opera Cake is a French dessert that typically consists of layers of joconde (almond) sponge cake, chocolate ganache, and coffee syrup, held together with a rich coffee syrup. It is said to have been created by French pastry chef Cyriaque d'Arson in 1955.
Thunderstorms and thunder, specifically the loud sound of thunder. The term "tonitro" comes from the Latin word for thunder.
Flora was the Roman goddess of flowers, and also of spring growth in general.
Deciduous trees, such as oak, maple, and elm, typically lose their leaves in the winter.
Noël Coward directed "In Which We Serve" (1942), "This Happy Breed" (1944) and "Brief Encounter" is a screenplay written by Noël Coward and David Lean adapted it to film in 1945.
Madonna's first husband was Sean Penn, whom she married in 1985 and divorced in 1989.
That's a nice geography question! I think I have the answer: Portsmouth, but that's not an Asian city. However, another possible answer is Newport. Newport is a city in South Wales and also a city in East Asia (specifically, New Taipei City in Taiwan has a sister city called Newport), but the most likely candidate is... Newport, Shropshire is not an Asian city, but Newport, Wales was ruled by the Kingdom of Mercia which had a king called King Ceorl who gave his name to a river on the Isle of Wight and also has a town in southern England that shares its name with this king.
Muscovite is a processed form of potassium aluminum silicate, but more commonly it's processed from mica (a group of minerals) specifically a type called biotite mica.
The Winchester Model 1873, a lever-action rifle designed by John Browning for Winchester Repeating Arms.
Thomas Hardy, the English novelist and poet, had the Greek phrase "Μὴ μεριμνήσῃς" ("Mē merimnēsēis") - which translates to "Why worry" or "Do not worry" - carved into the pediment of his cottage at Max Gate in Dorset (not Cloudshill).
The Yorkshire detectives "Dalziel and Pascoe" were created by Reginald Hill.
The Polar bear (Ursus arctos maritimus) is not a subspecies of Brown Bear, but rather a separate species. However, among the subspecies of Brown Bears, the Kodiak Bear (Ursus arctos middendorffi), found in Alaska, is generally considered to be one of the largest members of the bear family, with males weighing up to 1,500 pounds (680 kg).
C.S. Lewis
Callahan, played by Clint Eastwood.
Kirk Douglas played the title role in "Spartacus".
Prince Edward, Duke of Kent's brother, Prince Michael of Kent did not marry a Katharine Worsley. The correct answer is:   The Earl of Snowdon (Lord Snowdon) (Antony Armstrong-Jones), who married Princess Margaret, the younger sister of Queen Elizabeth II, also married another woman called Patricia Tuckwell in 1978 but before that marriage he was divorced from Princess Margaret in 1978 and after his divorce from Princess Margaret. He then went on to marry a Katharine Worsley (now known as The Countess of Snowdon) in 1961
The Copenhagen Criteria define eligibility for national membership of the Council of Europe.
A starter question in University Challenge is worth 10 points.
Mexico is the largest Spanish-speaking country in population terms, with over 130 million speakers.
Inverness overlooks Loch Ness.
I couldn't find any information on Ty Cobb participating in World Series games, but I found that Ty Cobb appeared in one World Series (1907) and hit no official home runs. In fact, there were only 16 total World Series from 1903 to 1920, so it's likely he did not participate in three.
Kerosene.
Jaundice.
I'm not aware of any information about a specific Indian who conducted the Three Tenors concert in Rome or Los Angeles. However, Zubin Mehta is an Indian-born conductor who has worked with many major orchestras and opera companies around the world, including the New York Philharmonic and the Israel Philharmonic Orchestra.
The nickname of the character played by Jeff Bridges in the 1998 film "The Big Lebowski" is "The Dude".
Ricin.
New Zealand is not the correct answer as they have won numerous gold medals at the Olympics but that information isn't relevant to answering which team were champions in 1924.  The sport was discontinued after 1924.   France and New Zealand both had a 3-0 win over the United States, however France defeated New Zealand in their second game.
Mark Rothko, although born in Dvinsk, which is now part of Latvia, was actually born into a Jewish family in what is now modern-day Russia and later emigrated to the United States. However, his work 'Seagram Murals' is often associated with his Latvian birth.
Unfortunately I do not know the weight that Ex-world champion boxer Alan Rudkin fought at.
The River Wensum.
The College of Cardinals has no fixed number of members. However, it's typically around 200-250 cardinals worldwide, but only those under the age of 80 are eligible to vote in a papal conclave (papal election).
They are all associated with squash.
Field hockey.
Massachusetts became the first U.S. state to legalize same-sex marriage on May 17, 2004, after a court decision ruled that the ban on gay marriage in Massachusetts' constitution was unconstitutional.
I'm not aware of a British darts player known as 'Mr Glitter'. However, one notable British darts player with an unusual nickname is Dennis Priestley, who was also known as 'The Menace', but I couldn't find any information about a player called 'Mr Glitter'.  A quick search suggests that the player might be Steve Beaton's opponent in 1991 World Championship final, and it seems he was nicknamed by Beaton.
" Malkovich." The title is "Being John Malkovich".
1957.
Sir Isaac Newton.
The Mason-Dixon line separates Maryland and Pennsylvania.
Worcestershire.
Narita Airport is located in Chiba Prefecture, Japan, approximately 60 kilometers east of Tokyo's city center. It serves as a major international airport for the Greater Tokyo Area.
The term you are referring to is "glass ceiling."
A creature that is edentulous does not have teeth.
The Mary Tyler Moore Show
Southwold.
The Hunger Games series.
Leicester City.
Madelin Payne Dunham was the mother of Barack Obama's maternal grandfather, Fransiskus Nugroho Djojohadikusumo reports that she was a paternal grandmother to Barack Obama and also to his younger sister Maya Soetoro-Ng.
Edward II of England, but he was defeated by Robert the Bruce, King of Scotland, who is more famously associated with the Battle of Bannockburn in 1314.
Irving Stone.
The Hill family matches this description. William and John Herschel (brothers) are often associated with astronomy, but it was their father, William Herschel's sons-in-law, Sir John Franklin is not a good fit.   However, I found that the correct answer is actually the Hill family doesn't match this description either. The correct family is the Lalande and the Hill does not.
Krumkake.
A phonograph, which was a precursor to the modern record player.
Mexico's southern border is not with the continental USA, it's actually with Guatemala and Belize. However, the country whose southern border is directly adjacent to the US mainland (Florida) is Mexico's northern neighbor: Guatemala does not share a border with the US, but its neighbors do.  The correct answer would be Mexico.
