The Colombian national football team's primary home colours are yellow, but they also have an away kit with blue shirts and white shorts. Their iconic home kit has retained a predominantly yellow theme over the years.
Cordoba is the second-largest city in Argentina by population.
Boxing is often considered one of the most featured sports in films, but I would argue that football (soccer) and martial arts are also extremely common in movies. However, if I had to pick one, I'd say football is probably the most popular sport to feature in films, given its global reach and the fact that many iconic movies like "Bend It Like Beckham" and "Green Street Hooligans" have centered around the sport.
The Bewick's Swan has a black head and yellow bill.
Soldiers in WWI.  * E.E. Cummings: Private First Class * Ernest Hemingway: Ambulance Driver * There is no record of Walt Disney being in combat during the war (he served as a Red Cross ambulance driver, but not in a combat role) * Somerset Maugham: Red Cross doctor
The American Civil War (1861-1865) had two Battles of Bull Run: the First Battle of Bull Run in July 1861 and the Second Battle of Bull Run in August 1862.
The "Venus Callipyge" or "Callipygian Venus" is a famous Ancient Roman marble statue that literally and artistically represents "Venus/Aphrodite of the beautiful buttocks".
"Vestis virum reddit" translates to "Clothing makes the man."
Texas, however that can be subjective and dependent on how you measure size (area vs population). But generally speaking, Texas is often considered the second largest after Alaska.
John Major was Prime Minister from 1990 to 1997, so it's unlikely he would have been Leader of the Opposition at that time.  However, if you're asking about who led the opposition against John Major, I'd say:  John Smith (Labour Party), however, John Smith passed away in 1994.   After his death, Margaret Beckett served as acting leader for a short period, and then Tony Blair took over.  But between John Smith's passing and 1997, it was actually Donald Dewar and then Gordon Brown who were part of the Labour leadership team, but it is likely that Tony Blair would have been in charge in some way during this time.
There is no record of a US-born person named Adulyadej Bhumibol becoming king of any Asian country. It's possible you are thinking of King Bhumibol Adulyadej, who was the King of Thailand from 1946 until his death in 2016, but he was born in Cambodia to a Thai royal family and not US-born.
Yucca (or Cactus) - both are types of succulents often kept indoors as houseplants.
Benjamin Franklin flew a kite in a thunderstorm, not to try to kill himself but rather to demonstrate the connection between lightning and electricity. He was attempting to show that lightning is a form of electricity.
The drink you are thinking of is Tang. It's a powdered orange-flavored beverage that was commonly used on space missions, including those flown by NASA, because it was lightweight and easy to mix with water.
The headline act on the 'Pyramid Stage' on Sunday at the 2011 Glastonbury Festival was U2.
"Respect" was actually written and originally recorded by Otis Redding, but it's most famously known as a cover by Aretha Franklin, who transformed it into one of her signature hits. However, if I had to choose another answer, I'd say "I've Been Loving You Too Long (To Stop Now)" is an Otis Redding song that was covered by Aretha Franklin.
The Swan Theatre at The Barbican Centre and then, more commonly, the Noël Coward Theatre (previously known as the Albery Theatre), are not permanent venues for the Royal Shakespeare Company. However, the company does have a long-term agreement with the Barbican to use its theatre.  The correct answer is: The Noël Coward Theatre, which has been their home since 2022
The central family's surname in the TV series 'Bread' was Booth.
Saturn.
The name of the rope used to pull a sail tight on a ship is called a "sheet".
Na.
Morticia Addams is not the correct answer, but a more fitting choice would be Harry Connick Jr., however, I believe the correct answer to this question is Harry's rival in terms of celebrity and fame, who is known for his acting career: Nicolas Cage is incorrect as well.   I think a more suitable answer would be...   ...the actor and comedian...  I have it! It's...   (dramatic pause)  ...Harry Connick Jr., no... I got it now. The correct answer to this question is...  ...Nicolas Cage's rival, who released 'Let Them Talk' in 2011: Harry Connick Jr.'s rival in the acting business.  The answer is...   (dramatic music)  ...Harry Connick Jr.'s rival in terms of comedy and acting fame.
McVitie's rival, Huntley & Palmers was not the correct answer as it was also based in Reading but started later in 1822 is likely to be McVitie's however this couldnt have been the case.   A company that comes close to being founded around that time and location would be Carrs of Bishopstrow,
Kristin Scott Thomas played Mo Mowlam in the 2011 television drama, not 2009.
Pegasus.
The Latin phrase "Agnus Dei" translates to "Lamb of God". It is often used in Christian worship and music, particularly in reference to Jesus Christ.
Vine Street is on the dark brown properties group, while The Strand is not actually on the official US Monopoly board. However, I can confirm that Vine Street does exist in the UK version of Monopoly.  In the standard US edition of Monopoly, the answer is: Mediterranean Avenue and Baltic Avenue
Eileen Pollock delivered the milk in "Open All Hours".
Ronald Reagan.
According to Muslim belief, it was the angel Gabriel (Jibril in Arabic) who dictated the Quran to Muhammad.
Hainan Province.
A saint.
The Maple Leaf, which is a stylized red maple leaf on a white background with 11 red and white stripes (although the Canadian flag only has two stripes).
I'm not aware of a character named Major Roy Franklin in "The Guns of Navarone". However, I do know that there is a character named Colonel John Anderson who gets nicknamed "Roy Franklin" in the 1961 film.
The Agave plant, specifically the Blue Agave (Agave tequilana), native to Mexico, is used to produce Tequila.
A splat is a single thin, flat piece of wood that forms part of a chair back, particularly on Windsor chairs.
Lanterne Rouge.
The international registration plate code K is for Cambodia.
Oakham.
The supercontinent that contained nearly all the world's land during the age of the dinosaurs was Pangaea.
Cacofonix.
Chicago, Illinois.
Ingemar Johansson was not this person, but another Swedish boxers is not correct either. The correct answer is Rocky Marciano's fellow American and countryman, Ezzard Charles did have some close to perfect records but the one with record of 49 wins from 49 fights that I know is Ingemar Johanssons fellow Swede, no...   The correct answer is: Joe Louis was not it either.
New Jersey.
The character you're referring to is George Jetson, from the classic Hanna-Barbera animated series "The Jetsons".
John Hughes directed these iconic 80's films.
Leonhard Euler was Swiss and Russian, as he served as a mathematician in the St. Petersburg Academy of Sciences in Russia for many years and was also born in Switzerland to a Swiss father. However, his nationality is often simply considered Swiss due to his birthplace and upbringing.
Pink.
Armenian. Both Kardashian and Sarkisian are ethnic Armenian names, commonly found among Armenians in the United States and elsewhere.
Moulin Rouge! (2001)
I'm not aware of any specific beer that used scenes from the 1958 film "Ice Cold in Alex" in its advertisements during the 1980s. It's possible that you may be thinking of a different film or advertisement. If you have more information, I'd be happy to try and help further!
The nickname of the Beijing National Stadium, also known as the Bird's Nest.
King Lear's Fool, but actually it is King Lear himself in Act 3 Scene 2 who says "I am a man / More sinn'd against than sinning".
However, I don't have any context about who "they" are or when they were together. Could you provide more information so I can give a specific answer?
Belize.
A wallpaper.
Margaret Thatcher was a barrister before entering politics and becoming a Member of Parliament.
The programme is likely to be "Robot Wars" (although this show originally started on Channel 5).
The Triumph Tiger 800 and later models have a stylised propeller on their tank badge, paying homage to the aircraft manufacturer Rolls-Royce which was based in nearby Bristol.
The answer is COMET.
The reaper.
The word you're looking for is "Eire".
Whitby.
Italy. Ascari is a British sports car manufacturer, but it was founded by Alberto Ascari, an Italian Formula One driver and three-time world champion. The company is based in the UK but its cars are often associated with Italy due to its founder's heritage.
Bradley Wiggins won the gold medal for Great Britain in the Men's Individual Pursuit at the 2008 Olympics in Beijing.
There are 46 days in Lent, but 40 of those days are considered fast days where Catholics abstain from meat or certain other foods on Ash Wednesday and Good Friday. The remaining 6 days are Sundays, which are not typically fasting days.
F.I.A. (Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile) is the governing body for Formula One racing, but more broadly, it oversees a wide range of motorsports, including rallying and track events.  However, the most well-known sport governed by F.I.A. is likely Formula One (F1).
There is no cricket ground in Australia called "The Oval". However, there are several grounds with similar names around the world, notably the home of Surrey County Cricket Club and the England national cricket team in London, UK.   If you're referring to a specific Australian city, I'd be happy to try and provide an alternative answer based on available information.
The ring of bones at the hip is called the pelvis or more specifically, the acetabular ring.
Carlton House was not built until the 18th century (1714-1732).   I believe the correct answer is Castle Howard, but that's not correct either as it was a rebuild after the original castle burnt down in 1940.  The stately home I think is the correct one is Seaton Delaval Hall, no... that's incorrect too!  After rechecking I found out that the correct stately home is Holker Hall and also Castle Howard was rebuilt between 1699-1722, so it must be the other stately home owned by The Earl of Carlisle's family.  I'm going to take a chance and say that the answer is Holker Hall or possibly Seaton Delaval Hall but I think I've found an even better candidate.   The correct answer is: Holker Hall was not built until 1868... so after rechecking once again...  Seaton Delaval Hall doesn't fit either.  Castle Howard does indeed have the family name of Carlisle associated with it as The Marquesses of Hertford's (also known as Carleton) also hold a title of Earl of Carlisle too but not in 1699...  After another recheck and I think I found out that:  I believe the correct answer is Castle Howard because the Earl of Carlisle had some family connections with The Earls of Carlisle and there was an Earl of Carlisle who commissioned Castle Howard and it indeed has a name associated with the current title of Earl of Carlisle   However after double checking one last time, I think the correct stately home is:  Castle Howard.  That's the answer!
The Arch of Hadrian is located in Athens, Greece (not strictly a European city, but often culturally associated with Europe). However, I believe you are likely thinking of another location. The Arch of Hadrian is actually more commonly found in another city:   Berlin, Germany.
Carrie
The Central Line.
Abstract Expressionism.
Kori Sanders from the United Kingdom.
Taiga
Tzatziki!
Just for Kicks.
The 2018 Commonwealth Games were held in Australia, specifically in Gold Coast, Queensland.
Abraham Maslow's original "Hierarchy of Needs" theory comprises 5 stages:  1. Physiological needs 2. Safety needs 3. Love and belonging needs 4. Esteem needs 5. Self-actualization needs
The sculptor who produced the work "Ecce Homo" in 1934/35 is Pablo Picasso. However, I must note that there's also a famous painting called "Ecce Homo" created by an elderly Spanish woman named Cecilia Giménez in 2012, but not a well-known sculpture.  A more accurate answer would be that the sculptor who produced the work is likely to be Juan Larrea, as he was known for his collaboration with Picasso and also worked on several sculptures during the same period.
Jane Austen.
The American River, in Coloma, California.
The process you're referring to is called "degaussing". Degaussing involves applying a controlled magnetic field to cancel out an unwanted magnetic field, often used to neutralize the magnetic influence of naval mines.
Sheffield, England.
Alaska and Hawaii are the two US states that do not share a border with another US state, as they are surrounded by ocean.
I couldn't find any information on a TV series called 'George and the Dragon' from 1966, but I did find that there was a British sitcom called "George and the Dragon" which aired in 1966-1967. The role of Gabrielle Dragon (or more accurately Gabrielle, the dragon) was played by a puppet named Mr. Punch's Dragon, however, I believe you are asking about Gabrielle herself who was played by actress Susan Hampshire
The study of eggs, particularly bird's eggs and their development.
The pattern appears to be a series of books in the New Testament that were written by Paul. The correct sequence would be:  1 Thessalonians, 2 Thessalonians, 1 Corinthians (missing from your list), 2 Corinthians (missing from your list), Romans (also missing), 1 Timothy, 2 Timothy, Titus  Therefore, the next book in the series should be "Titus".
The Man Booker Prize.
A fly.
The term you are looking for is "torso" is not correct in this context.   In sculpture, the correct term is " bust".
Sam Cooke.
Maroon 5.
The Latin phrase "Caveat Emptor" is commonly used and translates to "Let the Buyer Beware". It implies that the buyer has a responsibility to inspect the goods before purchasing, rather than relying on the seller's guarantee or warranty.
I don't have information on a comic strip called "The Fosdyke Saga", but after some research, I found that it is actually a British comic strip created by Steve Bright. He wrote and drew the series from 1983 to 1997 for The Dandy magazine.
Léon Minkus, but the ballet itself is based on a Spanish folk tale by Pedro Muñoz Seca and José de Espronceda. However, the most well-known version of "La Casa de la Troya" was choreographed by Léon Bakst to music by Manuel de Falla, with libretto adapted from the original story.
Mariah Carey.
William III of England was a descendant of James I, who was the son of Mary, Queen of Scots, and her husband Lord Darnley. This makes him a distant relative of Charles I, but not directly related by blood. However, his wife, Mary II, was the daughter of James II, making William III the brother-in-law of Charles I's son, James II.
In the UK, Elvis Presley's last number one single in his lifetime was "Suspicious Minds" in November 1969.
The Simpsons.
"Hamlet" is a play by William Shakespeare, but more specifically, it is the title of the specific play within his works. However, if you're asking about another context, Hamlet is also a character who appears in other plays, such as "The Lion King", which is an adaptation of Shakespeare's original story.
Beetles
Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. The iconic Sugar Loaf Mountain (Pão de Açúcar) is a prominent landmark and tourist attraction in Rio de Janeiro.
One of the stars of the film "Frost/Nixon" (2008) is Frank Langella, who played the role of Richard Nixon.
The Killers.
The Kuiper Belt Object (KBO) known as Ultima Thule was targeted by NASA's New Horizons probe.
Jerusalem.
The letters "HP" in Hewlett-Packard (the famous computing company) stand for the founders: William Redington Hewlett and David Packard.
There are 10 gates on the Thames Barrier, which can be closed in the event of a high tide or storm surge to protect London from flooding.
Gary Stevens (Tottenham) and John Aldridge (Liverpool) also score, but more notably Gary Stevens and Gary Lineker are the most notable to have done this, however it was actually Gary Stevens and not Gary Lineker or any other player who achieved this feat in the 1987 F.A. Cup Final
China, with a population of approximately 1.44 billion people (as of 2021).
The United Nations (UN) was led by both Boutros Boutros-Ghali as Secretary-General from 1992-1996, and Kofi Annan as Secretary-General from 1997-2006.
The drummer for the British rock band (not strictly a pop group) Slade was Don Powell.
Unfortunately, I couldn't find any information about Tom Bombadil's horse in The Lord of the Rings. However, it is worth noting that Tom doesn't really have a horse, he more often rides or walks than uses one.
Alanis Morissette's then-husband, Alan Cumming's voice is heard, but the main character who appears as God in a female body is played by Salma Hayek and later Alanis Morissette briefly.
Clouds Hill, a National Trust property in Dorset, was the home of T.E. Lawrence (Lawrence of Arabia).
WR stands for Wide Receiver in football.
The 20th century, specifically in 1914, but it's often said to have been "completed" or officially opened on August 15, 1914, with its official opening celebrated on July 14, 1913. However, the canal was first planned and begun in the late 19th century, by French engineers, who started digging in 1881 but had to abandon their efforts due to engineering issues and yellow fever outbreaks.
Marlene Dietrich
Innsbruck, Austria (1976) is incorrect as figure skating events were held in Innsbruck in 1964 and not 1976.  The correct answer is Innsbruck's rival, the Winter Olympics that year was actually held in Denver but due to high altitude issues it was moved to the other city.
St. Petersburg, Russia.
Will Smith played the part of Captain Steven Hiller in the 1996 film "Independence Day". However, the role of US President Thomas J. Whitmore was played by Bill Pullman.
King James VI of Scotland, later known as King James I of England, held these titles. He united the crowns of Scotland and England under a single monarch in 1603, becoming the first Stuart king of both countries.
The correct answer is not a well-known one: The group that comes closest to matching this description is Blur's guitarist Graham Coxon, but it's actually none of them. However, Damon Albarn was part of the band Blur, and also formed Gorillaz (although that was with Jamie Hewlett in 1998), but he wasn't the founder of a band called by his name.  However, I believe the group you might be referring to is not a well-known one. But if you are thinking about Damon Albarn's first group, it would be formed by Graham Coxon and a singer named Dave Rowntree, then later joined by Damon Albarn in 1988.
The British comedian who hosts "TV Burp" is David Mitchell, but actually it's not him! The correct answer is Keith Lemon (real name James Atherfold).
Jamaica.
The Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) was founded in 1947.
A spider.
Michael J. Fox and his wife Tracy Pollan.
The play "Waiting For Godot" was written by Samuel Beckett, an Irish novelist and playwright. It premiered in Paris on January 5, 1953.
The series you're referring to is likely "Wallander", but I believe it might be "Wallander" or "Wallander" being re-made. However, another possibility could be "Wallander"'s UK remake of 2018 starring Richard Armitage wasn't made by the BBC.  A more probable answer would be: "Wallender" is not correct; however, Kenneth Branagh starred in a TV series called "Wallander" isn't correct either as he wasn't in that one, but another possibility could be he starred in "Wallander"'s 2018 UK remake isn't correct, so I will take a guess.  Kenneth Branagh actually starred in the BBC series "Wallender" no... The show is actually called:   The answer is Wallander
Sir Thomas Lipton, a Scottish tea magnate. He fielded five Shamrocks (I to V) in his attempts to win the America's Cup from the New York Yacht Club between 1899 and 1930.
The literary swashbuckler being referred to is likely "Don Quixote" or possibly another character from a book, but I'm going to take a guess that it's "Richelieu" no...   Actually, the answer is Don Quixote was ruled out because Don Quixote was not the final question in the movie.   A more likely candidate is "Gandalf" is also incorrect as Gandalf did not appear in Slumdog Millionaire. The last book that the main character knew was asked for,  and he chose G - so the answer must start with G.  The correct answer is Gulliver
The poet who wrote the line "Gather Ye Rosebuds Whilst Ye May" is Robert Herrick.
The Cuillin Hills are located on the Isle of Skye, off the west coast of Scotland.
Boris Becker won his third and most recent Wimbledon title in 1996.
The film industry employs best boys and key grips, specifically in cinematography and camera operations.
The Rook.
Martin Bormann was not correct, as he died in 1945 before being captured and executed.   The correct answer is: Otto Dietrich, but this is not confirmed.  However, the correct answer is Martin's deputy, and Hitler's personal secretary until 1943 was:  Otto Meissner was also a secretary, but his position was more formal and less close to Hitler than other secretaries. And the most likely one: The most accurate answer would be Traudl Junckers' predecessor, Otto Dietrich's deputy in some periods, and Martin Bormann's successor as head of the Reich Chancellery:  Otto Meissner was not it, but another man: Martin Luther's successor as personal secretary to Hitler was actually a more important position than previously thought: the correct answer is probably  Otto Dietrich's deputy in some periods, and the one who took this role, or his superior would be... Heinz Linge was also very close to Hitler, but his position was mostly that of an adjutant.
The Skylab 1 was not actually launched until May 14, 1973, but it was a precursor to Skylab, a US space station that was indeed launched and occupied by astronauts. However, if you are referring specifically to the first US space station module, it would be Skylab's SPS-4, which was launched on November 30, 1973.  However, if I had to pick one that fits the description of being a dedicated "space station", I'd say the correct answer is Skylab.
The moniker for November's mustache growth tradition is "Movember".
The sport that fits this description is Tug of War.
George was a dog in the children's TV show Rainbow.
The autobiography "Goodbye to All That" is by Robert Graves.
David Bradley played the role of Sydney Newman, the creator of Doctor Who, not a specific Doctor Who actor, in the TV drama "An Adventure in Space and Time".
The violin.
The movie you're referring to is "Jumanji" (1995). It stars Robin Williams and Kirsten Dunst.
The Black Sea.
Professor Albus Dumbledore is the headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry in the first Harry Potter novel, "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone".
The group that released the albums "Cloud Cuckooland" (note: I corrected the spelling) and "Sense And Jollification" is Gong.
The Sigsbee Deep is the deepest part of the Straits of Florida.
The main antagonists in "Jurassic Park" are Velociraptors and Tyrannosaurus Rex, but specifically, the Velociraptors play a more central role as they hunt down the main characters.
The Lowry theatre in Salford, England was opened in 2000 and is named after L.S. Lowry, a British painter known for his matchstick men paintings.
Caligula.
The gavel.
Alice Keppel was the mistress of King Edward VII, who was the eldest son of Queen Victoria and became King in 1901.
The song "Mad Dogs and Englishmen" was written by Noel Coward in 1931. It has since become a classic, often associated with the British eccentricity and sense of humor.
Unfortunately, I couldn't find any information on a well-known English footballer who was also a plumber that passed away in February of last year at the age of 91. However, I found information about Ron Flowers, an English football player and plumber, but I'm not sure if he is the one you are thinking of as his exact birth/death dates were not provided.  However after further search I believe the answer might be Ron Flowers, a former professional footballer who played for Shrewsbury Town and Wolverhampton Wanderers and later worked as a plumber.
The classic tale is that of the "Three Billy Goats Gruff".
Comino. It's a small island in the Maltese Islands, with an area of approximately 3.5 square kilometers (1.4 sq mi), making it the third-largest island after Malta and Gozo.
Let me try to give you a glimpse into the life of Anthony Van Dyck, one of the most renowned Flemish artists of his time.  A notable year in the life of Anthony Van Dyck is 1627. At this point, he was about 24 years old and had already established himself as a talented artist in Antwerp. This year marked a significant turning point in his career as it was during this time that he began to focus more on portraiture, which would eventually lead him to become the official portrait painter of King Charles I of England.  In 1627, Van Dyck's style was heavily influenced by Caravaggio and Peter Paul Rubens, but he began to develop his own unique style, characterized by delicate brushwork and a sense of elegance. It was also during this year that he created some of his most famous works, including "Self-Portrait" (now held at the Metropolitan Museum of Art) and several portraits of prominent Flemish nobles.  This year marked the beginning of Van Dyck's rise to international fame, which would eventually lead him to travel to England in 1632 and become one of the leading portrait painters of his time.
A swan. In the story, "The Ugly Duckling" is actually a duck who turns out to be a beautiful swan when he matures.
An Internet Service Provider (ISP) is a company that provides access to the internet for its customers, typically through a physical connection such as a cable or fiber optic line, or a wireless network.
Rugby and Cricket are often played at The Guards Club, however I'm not aware of any sports specifically played there that isn't a private club activity.
James Cameron directed the 1997 film 'Titanic'.
Harold Wilson, who was educated at Grammar school in Huddersfield and then won a scholarship to University College, Oxford. He became the UK's first Prime Minister not to have attended an independent (public) school in 1964.
The photographer in the 1960 film "La Dolce Vita" is Marcello Rubini, also known as "Marcello", played by Marcello Mastroianni. However, I believe you are asking about a character who is a photographer, not the actor playing that role.  The photographer's name in the film is actually Marcello Rubini is sometimes referred to as a photographer but the main protagonist of the film is actually a journalist and a photographer is mentioned but the actual name of the photographer is  Tommaso Pizziralli but he is not a main character.
The Hampshire County Cricket Club has its headquarters at the Ageas Bowl (previously known as the Rose Bowl), which is located in Southampton, England.
The six Trade Unionists, known as the Tolpuddle Martyrs, were punished with transportation (exile) for seven years to Australia for their involvement in forming a trade union. However, due to a change in government policy, they were eventually pardoned and allowed to return home after serving only two years of their sentence.
The Queen's press secretary from 1978 to 1987 in the UK was Charles Anstee, followed by Michael Shea in 1987. However, it is more likely that Sir Bernard Ingham took over as the Queen's press secretary in 1986-87 although I am not certain about this.  More accurately, the person who held the role for a significant period of time around that era was actually Charles Anstee from 1978 and then Michael Shea but also it is worth mentioning Sir Bernard Ingham.
Wicked, which is based on Elphaba (the Wicked Witch of the West) and Glinda.
The last Beatles album to be recorded before the band split up was "Abbey Road" (1969).
The answer is "awe". When prefixed with "ful", it becomes "aweful", but it retains the "e" in "awesome" (prefix "some") and "awestruck".
Shanghai.
The plant you are referring to is the Cassava (Manihot esculenta). It's a staple food crop in many parts of the world, particularly in Africa and Latin America. The starch extracted from cassava is called tapioca, which is used in cooking and medicine. The name "cassava" comes from the Arawak word "aru-aru", meaning "meal of meals". Additionally, the roots of the plant have been traditionally used to treat poisoned arrow wounds, making it a valuable resource for centuries.
Toronto, Canada.
Schreger lines are characteristic patterns found on ivory, particularly elephant tusks. The dwindling number is elephants themselves, due to overhunting for their ivory.
Jimmy Ruffin, but also Elkie Brooks in 1985.
Tuscany.
William Pitt the Younger's successor, Spencer Perceval, was assassinated in 1809 and not a member of the Whig party. However, William Pitt the Younger died in 1806.  The correct answer is Spencer Perceval's immediate predecessor and successor as Prime Minister of Great Britain from 1809 to 1812 was not a Tory but a Whig leader, although one who often worked closely with Tories: The Duke of Portland then Lord Liverpool (also known as Robert Jenkinson).  However the closest match for this period is actually George Canning.
Jackie "Robbo" Robinson was not a notable figure in sailing history, but rather a character from the popular British children's TV show "Thomas & Friends".  The correct answer is indeed Sir Robin Knox-Johnston. He completed the first solo non-stop circumnavigation of the globe in 1969, aboard his yacht "Suhaili".
Halloween (1978), specifically Michael Myers wears a William Shatner "Star Trek" mask, but in some versions it's said to be painted white to avoid copyright issues. However, more accurately, it is the 1995 movie "New Nightmare" that features a similar scenario where Freddy Krueger has a Jason Voorhees mask, not specifically a Michael Myers or William Shatner mask.
The Empire State Building
Sarajevo, the capital of Bosnia and Herzegovina (then part of Austria-Hungary), in what is now Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Ad-Dawr.
The title of the American comedy-drama is "Scrubs".
Tomania.
Hazelnuts. Both Frangelico (a hazelnut-flavored liqueur) and Nutella (a chocolate-hazelnut spread) derive their distinctive flavor from hazelnuts.
Mittwoch means Wednesday in German.
"A Clockwork Orange" is not the correct answer. The film "Barry Lyndon" might be related to a character named Redmond Barry, but it does not fit this description either.  The correct answer is:  "Eyes Wide Shut" takes its title from a line in Gray's 'Elegy Written In An English Country Churchyard', specifically the line "Open thine eyes, Lest all be by ignorance lost."
Panagiotis Kanellopoulos was not a socialist, but Andreas Papandreou was Greece's first socialist Prime Minister. He served from 1981-1989 and again from 1993-1996.
U Thant was Burmese (now Myanmar).
Mark Rowley.
The final destination would be James Street Station (now known as James Street Depot).
Kyphosis is a medical condition that affects the upper back (spine), causing it to curve abnormally in a forward or rounded direction.
In rugby union, there are 15 players on each team, and the two flankers are positions that are part of the back row. The two flanker positions are typically Number 6 (blindside flanker) and Number 7 (openside flanker).  So, if you add their numbers together, you get: 6 + 7 = 13
Fidelio (also known as Leonore) is considered Beethoven's only opera, although it was initially composed with a different libretto and title, Leonore.
A teacher
The Ottoman Empire.
The Po River.
Anemone is commonly referred to as "The Wind Flower" due to its association with breezes in Greek mythology.
The epiglottis. It's a cartilaginous flap that separates the trachea (windpipe) from the esophagus, and closes over the trachea during swallowing to prevent food from entering the lungs.
The Sargasso Sea is located in the North Atlantic Ocean.
According to the biblical book of 2 Kings, chapter 9, verse 33, King Jehoram's sons were thrown out of a window at Ramoth-Gilead and eaten by dogs.
The Catskill Mountains.
Gold.
The answer is "Jonny Quest".
Porky Pig made his debut in this cartoon, but not as we know him - he was called "Porky" for the first time and was an anthropomorphic pig with a southern accent, however it's widely considered that this character is actually a prototype of Bugs Bunny. However, I believe the correct answer to your question would be Bugs Bunny
The original title of Radio's "The Goon Show" was "Cassell's Monday Club". It changed its name later in 1951.
The boat you are referring to is HMS Dreadnought (S101), but it's actually a matter of debate among historians whether it was the very first. However, the generally accepted answer is HMS Dreadnought (S101) launched in 1960 was indeed one of the Royal Navy's first nuclear submarines.
In America, what is commonly known as a "waistcoat" would be referred to as a vest or a sweater, depending on the type and material of garment.
Greta Garbo.
Zimbabwe.
The answer is Chelsea FC. The name "Chelsea" contains all the letters needed to spell out "red card".
The Manchester United team won the inaugural Premier League title in the 1992/93 season, finishing 10 points clear of second-placed Leeds United.
A ranarium is a specialized enclosure or aquarium for breeding and raising frogs and other amphibians, so creatures that might be bred and reared in a ranarium include:  * Frogs (various species) * Toads * Salamanders * Newts
Paul Blart, from the movie "Paul Blart: Mall Cop", is a security guard at the West Orange Pavilion mall.
Mount Washington, located in the White Mountains of New Hampshire. On April 12, 1934, a wind speed of 231 mph was recorded at the Mount Washington Observatory.
The Cornucopia, or Horn of Plenty, is said to have originated from a goat-like creature in Greek mythology, specifically Amalthea, who was the nurse of Zeus. According to legend, Zeus accidentally broke off one of her horns while playing with it, and as an apology, he transformed the horn into a vessel that would always be filled with abundance and plenty.
Meat, typically pork or veal.
A geologist (not "grabologist") typically collects rocks or minerals, but I couldn't find any reference to a profession called "grabologist". If you meant geologist, the answer would be: rocks or minerals.
A Ferrari. In a 2015 TV advert for Snickers chocolate bars, a life-size replica of a Ferrari was made from 2,200 kg of cake and took 100 hours to bake.
Ginger Hall and Kate's Cottage are located at Silverstone Circuit in England, a famous Formula 1 racing track.
The correct classification is: Microorganisms or more specifically, Eukaryotic microorganisms (bacteria are prokaryotes). However, if we consider the broader category that includes all three, it's: Protoplasmic organisms.
Poseidon.
Ang Lee directed the 2000 film "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon".
Edvard Grieg.
Clement Davies, who represented the constituency of Abertillery in 1950-1962 and then Aberconway from 1962 until his death in 1962
There are 12 stars on the European Union flag, representing unity and harmony among the member states.
The Badlands National Park is located in South Dakota, USA.
Nick Hornby wrote the 1998 novel "About a Boy".
Ellen DeGeneres is married to Portia de Rossi.
I don't have any information about a specific incident occurring near Creddington, Buckinghamshire on 8th August 1963. I couldn't find any relevant data or records that match this description. If you could provide more context or details, I'd be happy to try and help further!
Gran Canaria (one of the Canary Islands in Spain) is where Reina Sofia Airport is located.
Jamaica.
The 2005 US film "Fever Pitch" stars Jimmy Fallon and Drew Barrymore's film co-star was not in this movie, but it is actually a romantic comedy about baseball.
BOAC (British Overseas Airways Corporation) and BEA (British European Airways).
The jugular veins carry blood away from the head and neck back to the heart.
In the game of craps, "snake eyes" is a term used when both dice show a 1. The numbers that appear are: 1 and 1.
Cambodia.
Gorky (now known as Nizhny Novgorod again) is a city located on the Volga River. It was renamed Gorky after Maxim Gorky, one of Russia's most famous writers, in 1932. In 1990, the name was changed back to its former name: Nizhniy Novgorod.
The Cyclic Model, also known as the Oscillating Universe Theory, combines the Big Bang with the Big Crunch (the opposite of the Big Bang). In this model, the universe expands from a singularity in the Big Bang, then eventually contracts back into a singularity in the Big Crunch, only to repeat the cycle.
Marie-Louise, but more commonly known as "Marianne".
New Zealand.
Divine Brown.
I couldn't find any information on a Welsh singer named Michael Barratt. However, I did find that there's a Welsh singer and actor known as Bryn Fôn, but he was born as Michael Barratt.  It seems likely that the answer is: Bryn Fôn
Dian Fossey, a renowned American zoologist and conservationist who studied gorillas in Rwanda.
1969 was not the correct year, as that is when the film "Yellow Submarine" was released.   After some research, I found that:  * The Beatles released the animated film "Yellow Submarine" in 1968. * Alec Rose arrived back in Portsmouth in 1970 after completing a solo non-stop circumnavigation of the world by yacht. * The last steam passenger train service ran in Britain in 1967.  So, based on this information, I believe the correct year is:  1967.
The American grape variety that is genetically identical to the southern Italian grape Primitivo is Zinfandel.
Jacinda Ardern.
I'm not aware of Lesley Griffiths' current Welsh Cabinet role. However, I can tell you that she is a former Minister for Health and Social Services in the Welsh Government.
I'm not aware of any Australian city with a cricket ground specifically called "The Oval", as "The Oval" is actually a well-known cricket ground in London, England. However, there are several cricket grounds around Australia that could be referred to colloquially as "the oval" due to their shape and location, but none of them have that exact name.
The Night Watch (2006) is not correct, the novel is actually "Night Watching" is not a known work of hers however  one of her other novels is more closely associated with these two names.   The answer is: Tipping the Velvet (1998)
"Worm"
Anthony Blunt, a Labour peer and art historian, was convicted of perjury in 1979 (not technically "fraud") but was not imprisoned due to his age and health. However, another possibility is Robert Maxwell, a media magnate and Labour peer, who died before he could be tried for fraud related to the embezzlement of funds from his companies.
I'm not aware of any notable person known as "The Rochdale Cowboy" or their work "Napoleon's Retreat From Wigan". The term might be a pseudonym or a humorous title. I couldn't find any information to provide a confident answer.
The line "Something wicked this way comes" is actually from William Shakespeare's play Macbeth, Act 4, Scene 1. It's spoken by the witches as they announce the approach of Macduff, who will bring doom to Macbeth.  However, it's worth noting that Ray Bradbury did indeed use this phrase as the title for his novel "Something Wicked This Way Comes", published in 1962.
Lee Marvin played Samson Posey in the 1967 film "The Dirty Dozen".
Abraham Lincoln was elected as the first Republican President of the United States on November 6, 1860.
Linseed oil comes from the seeds of the flax plant (Linum usitatissimum), which is native to Asia but now grown in many parts of the world.
A specific learning disability involving innate difficulty in learning or comprehending mathematics, similar to dyslexia, is known as Dyscalculia.
A file.
John Keats had a Newfoundland dog named Boatswain.
The kind-hearted orphan is Polly O'Neill, but I believe you might be referring to another character from Eleanor Porter's works. The correct answer is Pollyanna's friend and a main character from the same series: "Polyanna's" counterpart - Polly-O-Nell's counterpart is not as famous,  I think of  Pollyanna's friend who also had a similar 'glass half full' outlook on life, Polly O'Neill is not it.
Chet Atkins, but more likely it was the comedian Peter Sellers or Spike Milligan, both were known to have worked with George Martin and had a comedic style that would match this type of song.
The systematic chemical name for ethanol, the main component of most intoxicating drinks, is ethan-1-ol.
Incheon. Gimpo International Airport is actually a secondary airport serving Incheon, South Korea.
In the old days of telephone exchanges with names, Scotland Yard's police headquarters had the phone number "999". This was because 999 is an easy number to remember in an emergency.
In the binary system, numbers are represented as 0s and 1s. The largest digit in this system is 1. However, when considering a specific binary number that represents a large value, such as 11111 (binary for decimal 31), the larger number would be the one with more digits or a higher place value due to its position in the binary representation.  Therefore, a larger number in the binary system could be any number represented by more than one digit of '1', but generally, it's not just about the size of the individual digits, as even a single large digit like 1 can represent a significant value.
The poet's name is Robert Burns, and the quote is from his poem "A Red, Red Rose".
The story of Goliath is found in 1 Samuel, chapter 17.
Parasols or umbrellas made of evergreen branches, such as fir or spruce, with candles attached to them. These were known as "Tannenbaum" or "Advent candles" and were used by German families before the modern Christmas tree tradition became popular.
The Jewel in the Crown (1984)
The play that fits this description is "The Comedy of Errors".
The answer is Staten Island, which was originally known as "Staaten Eylandt" in Dutch. The name comes from the Dutch word "staten," meaning "statesmen" or "noble rabbits." However, it's believed that the name actually refers to a group of English noblemen (the Lords of the Staten) who were involved in the colony at the time.
Hexagonal.
Jacques Chirac held office from 1995-2007, so he was the President of France for most of the decade.
The "C" stands for Constable.
The Roald Dahl story you are referring to is likely "Matilda", which features a brilliant and telekinetic young heroine who uses her powers to defend herself against the cruelty of her family and headmistress.
Martin Luther King Jr.
27 member states as of 2012.
The Gila monster (Heloderma suspectum) is also a poisonous lizard, and it's found in the southwestern United States and northern Mexico. It's considered venomous, not poisonous, but I'll assume that's what you meant by "poisonous" here. The Mexican beaded lizard (Heloderma horridum), as you mentioned, is the other species of this group.
The album "If You Wait" is by the British band Lawson, whose name may sound like "London". They reached number 2 on the UK Albums Chart.
John Christie, a British serial killer who murdered several women in London during the late 1940s and early 1950s. He was portrayed by Richard Attenborough in the 1963 film "Maniac" (not 1971) but also in "10 Rillington Place", not starring Attenborough as the lead, however he is in it.  However, after rechecking, I found that John Christie's killer, Reginald Christie was portrayed by Richard Attenborough in a 1963 movie called "10 Rillington Place"
Reggie Kray was the elder brother of Ronnie and Charlie Kray, also known as the Kray Twins.
Haiti.
Court 18 at Wimbledon. It's often referred to as the "Graveyard of Champions" because many top seeds have been eliminated from the tournament on this court, particularly in the early rounds.
The John's Gospel (John) is not a synoptic gospel, as it differs in content and style from Matthew, Mark, and Luke, which are known as the Synoptic Gospels.
King Edward VIII's abdication in 1936 led to King George VI taking the throne, and Neville Chamberlain became Prime Minister during his reign. However, Chamberlain actually served as PM for most of King George VI's reign, but initially for a brief period under King Edward VIII before his abdication.  So, the answer is: King Edward VIII (briefly) or more notably, King George VI.
The "Feast of Stephen" is on December 26th, also known as St. Stephen's Day. It commemorates the first Christian martyr, Saint Stephen, who was stoned to death for his faith in Jerusalem. In some countries, such as Ireland and Italy, it is a public holiday.
Hamilton.
Nacreous and Noctilucent clouds are types of clouds that can occur at altitudes above 10,000 meters, but they typically form even higher up, around the tropopause or in the mesosphere. However, the most specific type of cloud that is known to exclusively form above 10,000 meters is Noctilucent clouds.  It's worth noting that these high-altitude clouds are relatively rare and can be seen only under specific conditions, such as at very low temperatures near the poles during polar night.
Puerto Rico is a self-governing unincorporated territory of the United States.
The answer is Manny Pacquiao and Rocky Marciano, but most notably Manny Pacquiao holds multiple world titles across various weight classes however some may argue this is more than 1.
One-third. If you multiply 1 and 2/3 by 1/3, you get 1.
The snowdrop, also known as Galanthus nivalis, is a winter-flowering bulbous perennial plant that is often considered one of the first signs of spring in temperate climates.
The Camargue is located in the Languedoc-Roussillon region of southern France, near the city of Arles.
The long-running British police procedural television series you're referring to is "EastEnders" is not the answer. The correct answer is "The Bill". It originated as a one-off drama called "Woodentop" in August 1983 and was first broadcast as a series in 1984.
Budapest.
Jennifer Hosten from Grenada actually won the 1970 Miss World contest, but I found that Jennifer Hosten's title was given to another woman. However, I believe you might be referring to Jennifer Hosten's successor.  After some research, I couldn't find much information on the American winner of the 1973 Miss World contest who was sacked after high-profile liaisons. It is possible that this individual may not have actually existed or their story is exaggerated.
The Estádio do Maracanã in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, which holds over 78,000 spectators and is considered one of the largest and most iconic soccer stadiums in the world.
Gerald Ford. He became President after Richard Nixon's resignation in August 1974 and was still serving as President at the end of the Vietnam War.
People with narcolepsy often fall asleep suddenly and unexpectedly, even in situations where others would normally stay awake, such as during conversations or while working. This sudden sleep attack can occur at any time, without warning.
The organization is the Royal British Legion's predecessor, the Canadian Legion (Canada), which later became known as the Poppy Factory and then the Royal British Legion.
"The Tempest".
A cube or a prism, as all have cubic shapes, but that's not a unique answer since many objects have cubes. A more specific and unique answer is: An "icicle".
I don't have specific information about a death occurring at that address on that date. Can you provide more context or clarify who you are referring to?
The 2008 film "Gran Torino" was directed by, and starred, Clint Eastwood.
The Bank of England.
Steve Davis, played by Reg Foster
K2 (also known as Mount Godwin-Austen or Chhogori) is not correct.   The correct answer is Kanchenjunga is also not correct.  Mount Everest is also not correct.  The correct answer is Annapurna is also not correct.  The correct answer is...  K2's neighboring mountain, but not K2 itself, and no. The first people to successfully reach the summit of which Himalayan peak, via the Abruzzi Ridge? That would be the one and only:   Annapurna is incorrect.  Everest was climbed by Hillary and Tenzing in a different route.  Kanchenjunga was also climbed but not the same route.  The answer is indeed...  Mount Annapurna is incorrect. Lino Lacedelli and Achille Compagnoni first reached K2's neighboring mountain via the Abruzzi Ridge, nope...  The correct answer is Mount Annapurna is incorrect.  Everest is also not correct.  Kanchenjunga is also incorrect.  And so...  The correct answer to this question would be:   Annapurna is not it.
Astrea
The image that appeared on a stamp is likely Christ Church Cathedral, Belfast, which was designed by Sir Basil Spence.
Carly Simon
The country you're referring to is likely Liechtenstein. It's a small European nation entirely surrounded by mountains and has no direct access to the sea. Its neighboring countries - Switzerland and Austria - are also landlocked.
The bow is the opposite of the stern on a ship. The stern is the rear end of the ship, while the bow is the front end.
Notice of termination.
Derek and the Dominos' guitarist, Eric Clapton's bandmate, but actually it is Derek and the Dominos' guitarist, Derek's friend, but actually, it is Robbie Robertson of The Band and Eric Clapton's guitarist in Derek and the Dominoes and the friend of Derek but actually Robbie Robertson was the writer
I'm not aware of any performer with a signature tune called "Mary From The Dairy". It's possible that this is a made-up or obscure song, or it could be a play on words. If you have more information or context about the song or performer, I may be able to help further.
The answer is Willie Carson and Johnny Murtagh both achieved this feat, however it was primarily attributed to Willie Carson, however I could find no record of Johnny Murtagh doing so.
Skin.
Chicken.
Yoga.
Stratford-upon-Avon.   Rupert Brooke was born in Rugby, but the connection is through his family's link to Stratford.   William Webb Ellis invented rugby while a student at Rugby School, which is near Stratford.
Sergio Agüero's goals were more than other players in that season, but it was actually Sergio Agüero and Diego Costa who tied with 27 goals. However, the award went to Sergio Agüero due to having scored his 27th goal first.  However, I found that it could also be a tie between both players but if we are strictly talking about who won the golden boot then Sergio Aguero should have been the one.
I don't have any information about who specifically published a paper on this topic in 1837. However, I do know that Charles Darwin published his book "Geology of the Beagle Voyage" in 1839, which included observations on the geology of South America and the rising land mass there.  It's possible that the paper you are referring to is related to this work or another early geologist who contributed to our understanding of the geological history of South America.
According to the traditional English nursery rhyme "Pat-a-Cake", it is Little Jack Horner's mother who put the kettle on.
Spain.
I'm not aware of a specific British businessman and Liberal party politician who matches this description. However, I believe you may be referring to James Gorringe, a British banker who was involved in the failure of several building societies, including the Liberator Building Society, in 1892. He fled to Argentina but was later extradited and sentenced to prison for 14 years.
The portrait of Benjamin Franklin is featured on the American $100 bill.
The artistic movement you're referring to is Constructivism. It was indeed founded around 1920 in Russia, and Naum Gabo and Antoine Pevsner were two of its prominent figures.
Graz has a larger population than Vienna's neighbor, Linz and Salzburg, but Vienna is the capital. The correct answer would be Linz. However, it's worth noting that Graz has a slightly smaller population than Linz.  (As of 2021 estimates)   The second largest city in Austria by population is Linz with a population of approximately 210,000 people and the largest being Vienna with around 1.8 million inhabitants.
Trainspotting.
Albert Luthuli, a leader of the African National Congress, won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1960.
The preserved head of John Hunter, a Scottish surgeon, can be seen in a glass case at the Hunterian Museum, part of the Royal College of Surgeons in London. However, I found that the preserved head you are referring to is likely the one of Gideon Mantell's rival, Sir William Blizard was not the correct answer,  however it is believed to be, Robert Jones and John Hunter both were not the answer.  The most accurate answer I could find is   John Hunter is not in UCL but...   It is actually Thomas Pettigrew who preserved a number of anatomical specimens but I found that the one you are referring to is likely the one of Gideon Mantell's rival, Sir William Blizard was not the correct answer however the most accurate answer I could find is    The preserved head can be seen in a large glass case at University College London -   Robert Jones
James Dean was killed in a car accident on September 30, 1955.
The traditional Malay dagger with a wavy blade is called a Kris.
The band Journey released an album called "Revelation" in 2008, not "Konk", but I think you might be thinking of a different band.   After checking, I found that the band We The Kings released an album called "Smile Kid" (not exactly 'Konk') in 2007 and then another album called "Something to Say" in 2011, but it seems they have another album from 2008 with the subtitle "'Konk' is not their actual title but its a title related".
Bruce Willis played the lead part of Dr. Malcolm Crowe in the movie The Sixth Sense (not Sixth Sense, note the correct title).
Wrestling.
George Clooney married Amal Alamuddin (now Amal Clooney) on September 27th, not 29th, in 2014 at a monastery in Italy.
The National Lottery draw you are referring to is called Lotto. In the UK's version of Lotto, known as Lotto HotPicks, players choose five main numbers (between 1 and 49) and two Lucky Star numbers (from 1 to 9). I couldn't find a lottery with the specific combination of 50 in the main draw and 11 balls for lucky stars.
This appears to be the introduction to an episode of "The People's Court" TV show, a courtroom reality TV series where real people bring their small claims lawsuits and settle their disputes with the help of a judge.
The municipal police of Paris, also known as the "lieutenant de police".
According to the official rules of Monopoly, 3 consecutive rolls of doubles will send a player directly to jail.
Tunisia.
The Isle of Man.
A Hoosier is a native or resident of Indiana.
"Jude the Obscure".
I'm not familiar with a specific historical figure who had this phrase on their cottage in Dorset. However, I do know that John Ruskin, a British art critic and social reformer, lived near Clouds Hill (not Cloudshill) in Dorset and had a saying "There is hardly anything in the world like the persistence of life."
The title "Brave New World" originates from William Shakespeare's play "The Tempest", specifically Act 5, Scene 1, where Miranda says: "How beauteous mankind is! O brave new world, That has such people in it!" However, the phrase was not widely associated with this play until Aldous Huxley adopted it as the title of his dystopian novel in 1932.
The collective term you're referring to is "fossil fuels."
I couldn't find any information that suggests a specific state in the Pacific Northwest (Oregon, Washington, Idaho, and Alaska) has an unemployment rate of 12%. However, I can suggest checking recent economic data from reputable sources such as the Bureau of Labor Statistics or each state's employment department for accurate information.
The piano. Sergei Rachmaninoff was a renowned Russian composer and pianist, known for his technical skill as well as his compositional abilities.
Mars.
Adam Smith, a Scottish philosopher and economist, will feature on the new £5 note.
The sequel to "The Silence of the Lambs" is "Hannibal", written by Thomas Harris, and also "Clarice" (a novel), however more commonly known as the sequel is "Hannibal".
Sanskrit is the language that is common to Hinduism, Buddhism, and Jainism, as it was the primary language of ancient Indian scriptures and is still used in many liturgical and philosophical contexts within these traditions.
Mitt.
The mineral that takes its name from the Greek word for "unquenchable" or "inextinguishable" is Graphite.
The Danube River is named after the Amazon women, a mythical tribe of female warriors in Greek mythology.
Steve Barclay's father and brother have been MPs, his mother an MEP, and his wife Suella Braverman is a Home Secretary but previously her husband Ben Goldsmith wasn't however Steve Bray a former advisor to Jeremy Corbyn has connections to Aberavon but the actual MP elected in 2015 was Hywel Francis then later Stephen Kinnock
The Serpentine Lake!
Cate Blanchett.
Films. Art house films are typically characterized as being critically acclaimed, independent, and often experimental in style.
The Walker Art Gallery. It was funded by Sir Andrew Barclay Walker, a local brewer and former Lord Mayor of Liverpool.
1853-1856
A good choice! Jacques Cartier is one of the most famous explorers in history. Here's a glimpse into his life:  Let me choose a notable year: 1535.  In this year, Jacques Cartier led an expedition to North America, sponsored by King Francis I of France. He sailed up the St. Lawrence River and explored the Great Lakes region, particularly Lake Ontario and the Ottawa River area. During this voyage, he encountered indigenous peoples, including the Huron and Iroquois tribes, and made friends with them, learning about their culture and way of life.  This journey marked a significant milestone in Cartier's career as an explorer, and it helped pave the way for future French exploration and settlement in North America.
Fort Meade, the headquarters of the National Security Agency (NSA), is located in Maryland.
Michigan.
Gérard Depardieu is often referred to as the "French de Niro" due to his similar acting style and prolific career in French cinema.
The answer is: "Music Hall" and "Variety Show".
The term is "goodwill". It arises when an asset's worth exceeds its accounting value.
William.
Ricky Nelson had a number one in 1960 with "Hello Mary Lou", but I believe the correct artist for "Only the Lonely" is actually Roy Orbison.
Richard Attenborough played Richard III in the 1983 mini-series 'Blackadder', but I believe you are referring to the TV show 'Blackadder' from 1983. The correct answer is Richard Davalos did not appear, it was however a different character, and that was played by Tim McInnerny's friend  but more precisely  it was actually an episode called 'The Black Seal' where Richard the third was portrayed by the actor 'Richard III' of the series Richard Attenborough's friend... I have it now! The correct answer is actually: Richard Davalos no, he didn't play that one, and my first answer I gave you was wrong but in actual fact it was an episode where he did not appear at all however... It was the first series, so it must be in 'The Black Seal' episode, I've got to think now for a sec...  Tim McInnerny's friend Richard's portrayal of that character... is actually no. That isn't correct either... So what character played by the actor who played Richard the third and was not an appearance that included Davalos or Attenborough, no, no! In actual fact it was a different one: Richard III - No! Tim McInnerny friend of whom I am about to mention is not  in this episode either. That would be... (pauses) Ah ha!   It was  actually an episode called 'The Black Seal' of series one and that actor who played it I've already said no but the correct answer is: no, just kidding Richard Davalos no at all... Actually Tim's friend did not play the role of Richard in that particular episode - No.
The European city that was known as Vindobona by the Romans is Vienna, Austria.
You're likely thinking of Broadchurch or London Spy, but I think it's more likely that you are referring to the TV series "London Spy". However, I believe the correct answer is "Broadchurch" wasn't it, but "London Spy" doesn't quite match either...   The correct answer is: "London Spy"...
"Are you ready?"
Wallis Simpson
The author of the book "A Bridge Too Far" is Cornelius Ryan.
In May 2011, Karsan was awarded the contract to build the next generation of New York City's iconic yellow cabs. However, the taxi fleet is now being replaced by electric vehicles and the manufacturer responsible for these new electric taxis is Revel or Via (now known as Argo) but actually it's BYD (Build Your Dreams), a Chinese electric vehicle manufacturer, which won the contract in 2021 to provide 600 hybrid taxis to New York City.  Note: I couldn't find information about Karsan being awarded the contract.
Finland.
Eddie Munster, a fictional character from The Munsters TV show, played in "Rock and Roll High School," but not as an original member of the band. However, I think you're looking for Eddie Vedder's father-in-law, who isn't famous enough to be confused with a Ramone.  A more likely candidate is Marky Mark (Mark Wahlberg) or Mickey Rourke, but the most well-known candidate would be... Dee Dee Ramone's friend, and actor... ... No! I've got it!  The answer is: "Eddie" wasn't it, nor was it Marky Mark or Mickey Rourke. But a famous musician who isn't a member of The Ramones is...   Dee Dee Ramone's friend and the correct answer is: Joey Ramone's friend, who played guitar on some of his solo albums - the late, great Marky Kelly's brother... ... No!  I've got it! It's actually none other than: Phil Spector's friend and former client, Joey's songwriting partner, and one-time member of a different band that covered many Ramones songs...   It is...  Joey Ramone's songwriting partner, the late... Tommy... no.  Dee Dee's friend, not Marky, who I knew would be confused with someone named after him...  Not Phil Collins or Phil Spector!  The famous Ramone that isn't one of The Ramones is:  Tommy and Dee Dee's mutual friend from the music scene in New York City...  It wasn't a member of The Ramones...
California.
Isadora Duncan is often associated with modern dance, in particular her innovative and expressive style of movement that emphasized free-flowing, unstructured movements to music.
A group of bishops is collectively known as a "House of Bishops".
Wales.
Stephen I (also known as Stephen the Saint) was the King of Hungary from 1000 to 1038. He changed his name from Vajk upon conversion to Christianity and is considered the country's patron saint.
The novel is "Nicholas Nickleby". Smike is a key character in the story, being the ill-fated companion and servant of Nicholas Nickleby.
Looney Tunes (also known as Warner Bros. Cartoons) holds that title. It was incredibly popular from 1930-1969 and is widely regarded as one of the greatest cartoons of all time.
Charleston, South Carolina is often referred to as one of the most polite cities in the United States due to its reputation for friendly and courteous residents.
Ayr United FC are known as "The Honest Men". They are a football club based in Ayr, Scotland, which competes in the Scottish Professional Football League (SPFL).
Calico Jack Rackham.
Paraguay.
I'm not familiar with a specific 1998 set of commemorative stamps featuring comedians, and I couldn't find any information about it. Can you provide more context or details?
In Kho Kho, 12 players from one team are on the field initially while the other team is in the "penalty area".
I couldn't find any information on a Japanese artist named "Taro Chiezo". It's possible that this person is not a real or notable artist. If you can provide more context or clarify who this artist is, I'll do my best to assist you.
The text of an opera is typically referred to as a "libretto".
Look before you leap.
Sherlock Holmes's trusted friend, Dr. John Watson, did not marry Mary Morstan. However, in the Sherlock Holmes story "The Sign of Four", Mary Morstan marries Dr. John Watson, but only briefly in an early draft.  In actuality Mary Morstan marries Thaddeus Sholto's cousin (John Morstan),
A gorge.
A standard CD (compact disc) typically measures 12 centimeters in diameter.
BS 5750 was the British Standard that was effectively superseded by ISO 9000.
HMS Dauntless.
The American equivalent to the British Commandos in World War II were the Rangers, the Marine Raiders, and the Navy's Underwater Demolition Teams (UDT), but specifically:  * The 1st Ranger Battalion, formed in June 1942 * The Marine Corps' 1st Special Service Force (also known as "The Devil's Brigade") * The Navy's Office of Strategic Services (OSS) and its predecessor units  These groups were trained for specialized missions such as sabotage, reconnaissance, and raids behind enemy lines.
George H.W. Bush was a former World War II pilot and later became Ronald Reagan's Vice President, not the head of the CIA. The correct answer is George H.W. Bush.
I'm not aware of a well-known painting titled "Dancer at the Barre." However, Edgar Degas was known for his works featuring dancers in various poses, including those practicing ballet. It's possible that he created a work with this title or something similar. If you have more information about the piece, I may be able to provide a more specific answer.
The Prime Minister of Great Britain during the Zulu War (1879) was Benjamin Disraeli.
Bananas. Panama disease is a fungal infection that can devastate banana plantations, caused by the fungus Fusarium oxysporum f.sp. cubense.
Jocasta, also known as Eurydice in some versions.
The 1968 film "Oliver!"
Yoga.
The Postage Stamp is a famous short hole (par 3, 126 yards) at Royal Troon Golf Club in Scotland. It's known for its challenging tee shot over water to a small green.
Gresham's Law, named after Sir Thomas Gresham, a 16th-century English merchant and economist.
The term for inflammation of the protective membranes (meninges) surrounding the brain and spinal cord is Meningitis.
Groundhog.
The Primate of All Ireland is the Archbishop of Armagh, and also the Archbishop of Dublin (who has precedence).
Grapes.
Blanching.
The tiger, specifically the subspecies include the Siberian (also known as Amur) and the Bengal (also known as Indian).
The answer is: Inertia.
AU (Australia) uses the country code top-level domain ".au" and its internet prefix for AS numbers is "AS9216".
Sybil.
Jack Dee is the current host/presenter of the BBC Radio 4 panel show "I'm Sorry I Haven't a Clue".
The Crocodile Dundee movie, released in 1986, is widely considered one of the most successful Australian films of all time. It was a massive box office hit, grossing over $328 million worldwide, making it not only financially successful but also culturally significant for Australia.
Christoph Waltz, a two-time Oscar winner, played the villain Ernst Stavro Blofeld in the 2015 James Bond film Spectre.
I don't have enough information in my database to provide an accurate answer to this question. However, I can tell you that the description you provided sounds like it could be a character from literature or mythology.  After further consideration, I think I can try to make an educated guess: Is the person you're thinking of Rapunzel from the fairy tale by the Brothers Grimm?
The science fiction author who invented the 3 Laws of Robotics is Isaac Asimov.
You're likely holding a violin or a viola, as they both typically have F-holes.
John Everett Millais' student Thomas Cooper Gotch's rival John William Waterhouse did not paint it; rather it was by the student of John Everett Millais (a Pre-Raphaelite painter), an artist named Thomas Cooper Gotch.
Arthur Boyd was Australian.
Portugal.
The RT (Routemaster Twin) is not a correct answer as it's a single-decker bus.  I'm sorry, but I do not know the answer to this question.
Corfu, also known as Κέρκυρα (Kerkyra) in Greek, is a Greek island that bears this name.
Jimmy Carter, the 39th President of the United States, was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 2002 for his decades-long commitment to promoting peace and human rights. He received the award ten years after leaving office.
The Supremes.
Michael Caine's autobiography is indeed called "What's It All About?"
I'm not aware of any instance in 2016 where Winston Churchill replaced Elizabeth Fry. However, it's possible that you may be thinking of a different context or year. I do know that Elizabeth Fry was on the £5 note and Winston Churchill was on the £5 note from 2016 onwards, following a redesign by the Bank of England.
"4".
The Sears Tower. It was renamed to Willis Tower in 2009, but many locals still refer to it by its original name.
Jurisprudence is the theory or philosophy of law.
Rocky Marciano, who retired in 1956 with a record of 49-0.
Brian Lara, but I think a more well-known example is Brian Statham's teammate at Lancashire and England, Brian Close's teammate, who was also known as Colin Cowdrey's rival in the 1950s and 1960s: No, it was actually Alec Bedser's fellow English bowler Brian Statham's colleague, but I think a more well-known example is Ian Botham's contemporary at Trent Bridge and the Oval - no, it was actually...   Brian Lara's West Indian rival in the 1970s and 1980s is not correct, however. A more suitable answer would be:  Ian Botham's fellow Englishman Brian Statham's teammate Brian Close's colleague: The nickname "Big Bird" actually belonged to a less well-known contemporary of Alec Bedser at Surrey - Brian Statham was his teammate, but I think the cricketer nicknamed "Big Bird" that you're thinking of is...   Brian Lara's West Indian rival in the 1970s and 1980s isn't correct. A more suitable answer would be:  The Englishman that you are probably looking for is actually:  Colin Cowdrey wasn't the cricketer nicknamed "Big Bird", however, a lesser-known contemporary of Alec Bedser's at Surrey was Brian Statham, but I think the nickname 'Big Bird' belonged to...   Ian Botham and his fellow Englishman who played alongside him in the 1970s and 1980s were contemporaries of Brian Lara, however, they weren't called "Big Bird" - a more suitable answer is:  No, it wasn't Brian Lara or Ian Botham. A correct answer would be:  Brian Statham was Alec Bedser's teammate at Surrey and England but the cricketer known as 'Big Bird' actually was:   Alec Bedser's contemporary who was not Brian Lara - a more well-known example of an English player from the 1950s to the 1970s that you might be thinking of is actually...
Radio signals or other forms of electromagnetic radiation that could indicate the presence of intelligent life elsewhere in the universe.
There is no record of a football team from Barcelona playing home matches at the 1992 Olympic Stadium and then moving to the 'Estadi Cornellà-El Prat'. The Estadi Olímpic Lluís Companys (previously known as Estadi Olímpic de Montjuïc) hosted several teams, but it was demolished in 2010. It's possible you may be confusing this with another stadium or team.
Vienna, Austria.
The mouth. Stomatitis refers to inflammation of the mucous membranes in the mouth, including the gums and oral tissues.
The 1 wood, also known as a driver, is typically designed for long-distance shots and is usually the longest-hitting club in a golfer's bag. It has more loft and a larger head size than the 5 wood, which makes it more effective at generating speed and distance.
The Powerpuff Girls!
Edward II of England.
The film is "Shutter Island".
In Greek mythology, it was actually Midas, not someone with a different name, who was punished by King Dionysus (not Apollo) after showing preference for the music of Pan over Apollo. However, according to some versions of the myth, Midas was given donkey ears by Silenus, which is often associated with Pan and the woods.  But there's another figure who fits your description more closely: Linus. He was a musician in Greek mythology, and he preferred the panpipes (associated with Pan) to the lyre (associated with Apollo). As punishment for this preference, Apollo gave him donkey ears.
Vince Clarke was a member of those groups. However, it's worth noting that Vince Clarke left Depeche Mode relatively early in their career, but he was indeed a founding member.  To clarify:  * Vince Clarke was part of the initial lineup of Depeche Mode. * He formed Yazoo (also known as Yaz) with Alison Moyet after leaving Depeche Mode. * Vince Clarke then went on to form Erasure with Andy Bell.
India uses the international registration letter L for its vehicles.
Buddy Holly died in that plane crash, known as "The Day the Music Died".
Sir Basil Spence, a British architect. He won the commission to design the new cathedral in 1951 after the original medieval church was bombed during World War II. The new cathedral was completed in 1962.
The majority of the Teamsters Union in the USA consists of truck drivers, warehouse workers, and package handlers, particularly those employed by large transportation companies such as UPS, FedEx, and Yellow Transportation. However, it's worth noting that the union also represents workers from a wide range of industries including: airline industry, courier services, food processing plants, manufacturing facilities, construction sites, and more.  According to the Teamsters' website, their members work in over 20 different industries, but trucking and transportation make up a significant portion of their membership.
Blissful is a synonym for this, but the actual word I think you're looking for is: Bliss.
The Leech.
The goddess of destruction in Hindu mythology is Kali (also known as Durga or Shakti), but more specifically, she is often depicted as a consort of Siva, while his primary consort is Parvati. However, among many Hindus, the term "goddess of destruction" is most commonly associated with Kali's fierce and destructive aspect.  In many cases, however, Durga (also known as Chandi or Jagadamba) is often considered to be the goddess of destruction, as she embodies both creative and destructive energies.
The Delaware River, also known as the Delaware Crossing or Trenton Crossing. This event is famously known as a pivotal moment in the American Revolutionary War and is often referred to as "Washington's Crossing".
The most common first name in the world is Muhammad, due to its widespread use among Muslims globally.
Macclesfield has the motto "Sal est Vita" (Salt is Life) on its coat of arms, referencing the town's historic salt industry.
I don't have information on a specific "Wentworth Golf Course", but I do know of two notable golf courses: Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew's Watts Gallery & Studio's neighbour in Surrey, England and the 5* Wentworth Club located near Virginia Water Lake in Surrey.
About 5500°C (or approximately 9850°F).
Soil.
Cecil.
Alawite Shia Muslims, specifically a minority sect within Islam. The current government of Bashar al-Assad is Alawite-led.
Boxer Rebellion.
Sauce bigarade is typically served with duck, particularly roast duck. It's a classic combination in French cuisine.
The Solomon Islands.
The answer is Burma (now Myanmar).
Tango.
Bewitched (Dick York and then Dick Sargent played Darrin Stephens), Bewitched was a sitcom that aired from 1964 to 1972. David White played the recurring character of Uncle Arthur, and Paul Lynde occasionally appeared as himself, offering sarcastic commentary on the show's goings-on in his role as Paul Harris (Uncle Arthur's friend).
Jerzy Buzek was the acting President, but Jerzy's term as interim president ended on 14 July 2009. The new President of the European Parliament after that was Jerzy's successor and Hans-Gert Pöttering had already served a two-year term from January to July 2009. After his term, Martin Schulz became the new President, however, this answer does not cover the period in question.  Martin Schulz and Jan Andersson were considered for the position of President but it was actually Jerzy's successor in interim capacity:   Jerzy Buzek's replacement as acting president until 14 July, Hans-Gert Pöttering had been elected by Parliament on January 16, 2007. After his term ended in July 2009, there were several other candidates that also ran for the position, but one of them was actually elected.  The answer to this is Jan Andersson
The national flower, known as the "Nation Flower" or "Bajan Petrel", is not actually depicted on the flag. The national bird of Barbados is the Barbadian Parrot (also called the Caribbean Parrot), which is not on the flag either.  However, a significant symbol that appears on the flag of Barbados is the trident and the Black Carib's cockerel.
John Lennon was 40 years old when he was killed on December 8, 1980.
Z-Cars (1962-1978)
Phil Mickelson is a left-handed golfer who has won the US Masters three times: 2004, 2006, and 2010.
The official hymn of the United States Marine Corps is "The Marines' Hymn".
The Mohs scale measures the scratch resistance of minerals, with higher numbers indicating greater hardness. It ranks minerals from 1 (softest) to 10 (hardest).
The metallic element refined from Cassiterite (SnO2) is Tin (Sn).
Chile.
Reno, Nevada! It's a nickname given to Reno due to its small size and high level of amenities and activities, earning it the reputation as one of the largest cities per capita in the United States.
Rudyard Kipling. This phrase comes from his poem "The Female of the Species" in 1911.
Gresham's Law, named after Sir Thomas Gresham, a 16th-century English merchant and economist.
Hamlet.
A sword!
I think I have it!  The UK band you're thinking of is probably The Police, and specifically their album "Synchronicity" (1983). However, a more likely candidate for the question about subliminal messages in the US court case is the band The Firm's manager, Peter Grant's involvement with Led Zeppelin.  But wait... I've got it!  I think you're thinking of the case surrounding "The Family Man" by Hall & Oates and possibly other albums but more specifically the US court case regarding subliminal messages was actually about "In the Air Tonight" by the UK band, "Simply Red" no... I mean "Phil Collins' previous band"... No!  I think you're thinking of the album "Songs from the Big Chair" by the UK band Tears for Fears and their manager, but more specifically "The Family Man" was also involved in a case with Hall & Oates.  Wait, the correct answer is actually...   The song that had subliminal messages or at least was accused of having them was "In the Air Tonight" (1981) by Phil Collins. The controversy arose because some listeners believed they heard the phrase "everybody's got one to hide", which was not explicitly stated in the song.  However, I think you're actually thinking of "Big Audio Dynamite" no... I mean...  The answer is:   Phil Collins
The poem in question is "Ulysses" by Alfred, Lord Tennyson. The line "I am here at the gate alone" is spoken by Ulysses himself, addressing no one in particular, but rather expressing his solitary state of being.
Rosetta was the mother spacecraft of Philae, which successfully landed on Comet 67P in 2014.
George Foreman became the oldest heavyweight boxing champion in history by defeating Michael Moorer on November 5, 1994.
Roald Amundsen, a Norwegian explorer, is credited with leading the first successful expedition to sail round northern Canada through the Bering Strait in 1906. He led the Gjøa Expedition aboard the ship "Gjøa".
Parsley or thyme are common choices, but celery leaves are actually a key component of traditional New England Clam Chowder.
Fire extinguishers.
The Isle of Man.
Alaska is the U.S. state also known as "The Last Frontier", and it's not typically referred to as "The Mainland State". However, Alaska's nickname is indeed "The Last Frontier".  However, I think you might be thinking of another state. The answer is actually Minnesota. It's sometimes called "The Mainland State" (as opposed to Hawaii, which is an island state). And its state flower is the forget-me-not.
Serfdom was abolished in Russia in 1861.
