The Colombian national football team typically wear yellow shirts.
Argentina.
Boxing is often considered one of the most featured sports in films, due to its dramatic and intense nature. However, American Football, particularly football movies like "Rudy" and "Any Given Sunday", has also been a common subject on screen.   But if I had to pick one, it would be Boxing.
The Bewick's Swan has a black and yellow beak.
All four individuals were writers.   * E.E. Cummings was a poet. * Walt Disney was an animator/screenwriter. * Ernest Hemingway was a novelist/short story writer. * Somerset Maugham was a playwright/novelist.
The American Civil War (1861-1865). The First Battle of Bull Run occurred on July 21, 1861, and the Second Battle of Bull Run occurred on August 29-30, 1862.
The statue "Venus Callipyge" or "Callipygian Venus" is a representation of Venus/Aphrodite with beautiful buttocks. The name "Callipyge" comes from the Greek word "kallos", meaning beauty, and "pyge", meaning buttock.
"Vestis virum reddit" translates to "Clothing makes the man".
Texas. It covers approximately 268,597 square miles (695,622 km²), making it the second-largest U.S. state by both area and population.
John Major (Conservative) held this role as he was not a member of the opposition but his party was out of power, and John Smith (Labour) became the leader after Neil Kinnock's resignation in 1992. However, John Smith remained Leader of the Labour Party until his death in 1994, when Margaret Beckett took over temporarily before Tony Blair succeeded her.
Adulyadej Bhumibol, also known as King Rama IX, was born in Cambridge, Massachusetts, USA. However, he later became the King of Thailand, not an American-born monarch of any other Asian country.
Agave.
Benjamin Franklin.
Tang is a powdered drink mix that was initially used as a beverage for NASA astronauts due to its long shelf life and ability to be easily rehydrated in space. It's similar to Kool-Aid in texture and flavor profile.
Coldplay were the headlining act on the Pyramid Stage on Sunday at the 2011 Glastonbury Festival, but they shared the final set with Beyoncé.
"(Sittin' On) The Dock of the Bay" was not covered by Aretha Franklin, but rather "(Respect)" is a cover of Otis's song "Respect". However, Aretha did record her own version, which became more famous than the original.
The London home of the Royal Shakespeare Company is the Barbican Centre, but it has also performed at other venues including The Other Place in London and the National Theatre. However, their main London presence is often associated with the Barbican.
Hodges
Saturn.
The rope used to pull a sail tight on a ship is called a "clewline".
Sodium's chemical symbol is Na. It comes from the Latin word "natrium".
Harry Connick Jr., but more likely, it's Will Ferrell isn't a good fit for this description. A more likely answer is Harry Shearer's friend, Harry Connick Jr., no... The correct answer is Harry Shearer's friend, Harry Connick Jr.'s peer, who is also an actor and comedian: Harry Shearer's contemporary and peer,  but the actual answer I found is: Harry Connick Jr. is not it. The correct answer is actually another actor and comedian, and that person is... Harry Connick Jr., no... just kidding.  The actual answer to this question is: Hugh Laurie
I'm not aware of any specific biscuit company that was founded in Reading, England in 1822. However, it is worth noting that Huntley & Palmers, a well-known biscuit manufacturer, was indeed based in Reading and has its roots dating back to the early 19th century.
Lindsay Duncan played Mo Mowlam in the 2009 television drama, "Mo".
Pegasus.
The Latin phrase "Agnus Dei" translates to "Lamb of God". It is a title used in Christian contexts to refer to Jesus Christ, emphasizing his sacrifice and redemption.
Mediterranean Avenue and Baltic Avenue are located on the left side of the board from "Go" but it's the other way around for the right side (Baltic Avenue is before Mediterranean Avenue). However, in terms of the question, "what lies between Vine Street and The Strand", there are no streets by these names on a standard Monopoly board.
Kirsty Milward played a minor role as the milk delivery girl in "Open All Hours" but I believe it was actually Liz Fraser, however I'm not entirely certain of this.
Ronald Reagan was married twice: first to Jane Wyman, then to Nancy Davis (later known as Nancy Reagan).
According to Muslim belief, the Angel Gabriel (also known as Jibril) dictated the Quran to Muhammad.
Hainan Province is the People's Republic of China's southernmost province.
A saint.
The Canadian flag, also known as the Maple Leaf flag, features a red maple leaf in the center of a white background, with red borders on all sides. The design symbolizes the country's rich history and connection to nature.
I couldn't find any information on a character named Major Roy Franklin in "The Guns of Navarone". However, I do know that there is a character named Major Roy Franklin in the 1961 film adaptation, but his first name is actually "Dutch" not "Roy". The correct nickname for Dutch in the movie is also unclear.
The Agave plant, specifically the Blue Agave (Agave tequilana), is native to Mexico and used to produce Tequila.
A backrest or a seat! However, I think the most common answer would be an armchair's "splat" is actually the curved wooden part that supports the chair's upholstered parts.
"Lanterne Rouge".
Kyrgyzstan.
Oakham.
Pangaea.
Unhygienix's nephew's friend. Just kidding! The correct answer is Unhygienix himself isn't the one but there is a character named  Impedimenta's husband, Abraracourcix (also known as Abraraccourcix) and Unhygienix aren't the village bard however another name comes up called... Geriatrix' friend doesn't sound right so it must be...   Cacofonix.
Chicago, Illinois.
Jersey Joe Walcott.
New Jersey.
Alvin (from Alvin and the Chipmunks) is not correct, but I believe the character you are thinking of is Rocky from "The Jetsons", no...   I think I have it! The answer is George Jetson.
John Hughes directed those iconic 80's movies, including "The Breakfast Club", "Sixteen Candles", and "Ferris Bueller's Day Off".
Euler was Swiss.
Blue.
Armenian.
The musical film you're referring to is Moulin Rouge! (2001), directed by Baz Luhrmann. It's a modern adaptation of the Orphean myth, set in Montmartre during the late 19th century, and incorporates elements from Verdi's opera "La Traviata". The film stars Ewan McGregor as Christian and Nicole Kidman as Satine.
I'm not aware of any specific information about a beer being advertised with scenes from the film "Ice Cold in Alex" in the 1980s. However, it's worth noting that "Ice Cold in Alex" is a 1958 British war film starring Sylvia Syms and Anthony Quayle, so it's unlikely to have been used for advertising in the 1980s.  If you're looking for information on specific beer advertisements from the 1980s, I'd be happy to try and help with that.
The "Bird's Nest".
King Lear, in Act 3, Scene 2 of the play.
I'm happy to help, but I don't have any information about a specific pair of people or individuals who you are referring to. My previous responses were generated based on no context, and now I need more information from you to provide an accurate answer.  Could you please provide more context or clarify which individuals or couple you are referring to?
Belize.
A wallpaper or desktop wallpaper.
Chemist and Research Fellow at Oxford University, but more famously a Barrister-at-Law. However, it's worth noting that her early career involved work in industry as well, specifically with J. Lyons & Co., where she worked in the Personnel Department before entering politics.
Robot Wars is a BBC Two program that features remote-controlled robots (not "machines") battling each other.
The Triumph Trophy 650/750 has a stylised propeller as its tank badge, but more notably it is associated with the Norton Commando and some other models.
The word you are looking for is "Comet". In Greek, "komē" (κομή) means "long hair", which refers to a comet's tail.
The reaper, a type of mechanical harvester for grain and other crops.
The word you're referring to is "Eire". In poetry and nationalist literature, Eire (also spelled Éirinn) was used as a poetic name for Ireland, symbolizing the country's mystique and beauty. It is also sometimes personified as a female figure, often referred to as "Ériu", representing the land itself.
Whitby, but more famously Dover!
The Ascari KZ1 and A10 sports cars are built in the United Kingdom, specifically at Ascari's factory near Almería, Spain is also mentioned but originally from UK then moved to spain.
Brad Wiggins won the Men's Individual Pursuit at the 2008 Olympics in Beijing.
There are 40 days in Lent, not including Sundays (which are considered feast days). This is because Sundays are seen as a day of celebration and rest during Lent, just like every Sunday throughout the year. Therefore, if you count only weekdays, there are indeed 40 days in Lent.
F.I.A. stands for Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile, and it is the governing body of Formula One (F1) racing, but more broadly it oversees all forms of automobile sports including auto racing, rallying, and touring car racing on a global level.  So, the answer is: Auto Racing/Formula One
Adelaide doesn't have it, and Melbourne is known for the MCG (Melbourne Cricket Ground). But Perth's WACA Stadium isn't the one either... It seems I was wrong!  After rechecking, I found that there is an Adelaide Oval, but no other cricket ground with this name in Australia. However, I also discovered that The Oval is actually a cricket stadium located in London, England, not in Australia.  But wait! There's another one - Melbourne has the MCG (Melbourne Cricket Ground), and...  Sydney doesn't have it, but there's one more Australian city: Hobart and other cities have various smaller stadiums.
The ring of bones at the hip is called the pelvis. More specifically, it is made up of four bones: ilium, ischium, and two pubic bones that form a bony ring, also known as the pelvic girdle or pelvic ring.
Carlton House in London does not fit the description.  However, I believe the answer to be Castle Howard in North Yorkshire, but that was built in the early 18th century, so that's unlikely.  A more likely candidate would be Castle Howard's rival in the north of England: Nostell Priory is also a possibility but...  I think the correct answer is Castle Howard's rival in the south of England: none of these, actually.   After reevaluating I have a new guess: Castle Howard's southern cousin is... Castle Howard doesn't have one, so my guess is Carlisle's home is... Carlisle... no.  My final guess is that it's Castle Howard's northern rival: Castle Howard doesn't really have one in the north either.
The Arch of Hadrian (also known as Hadrian's Gate) is located in Thessaloniki, Greece.
The song is "Car Wash". It was a hit for Rose Royce in 1976 (not 1978, I corrected the year), and was later covered by Jimmy Somerville (not Jimmy Nail) in 1985 as part of his song "Smalltown Boy" but also included on an album featuring his own rendition of "Car Wash".
The two mentioned stations, Marble Arch and St Paul's, are both located on the Central Line of the London Underground network.
Abstract Expressionism.
Kaya van Aaken from the Netherlands.
The Taiga.
Tzatziki sauce.
Gerri Halliwell's 2008 memoir, "Just for Kicks", was published but she also wrote a book called "Just for Kicks" is not her first or only autobiography.   Another one I could find is "Just Me".
Australia, specifically Gold Coast and Brisbane.
According to Abraham Maslow's original "Hierarchy of Needs" theory, there are 6 stages:  1. Physiological needs 2. Safety needs 3. Love and belonging needs 4. Esteem needs 5. Self-actualization needs 6. Transcendence needs
El Greco's student, Antonio Lopez (also known as "Antonio López García") is not correct.  The actual artist that created the sculpture "Ecce Homo" in 1934/35 was Elba Diaz.
Jane Austen wrote those words.
The American River in Coloma, California.
The process you're referring to is called "degaussing". Degaussing involves weakening or neutralizing an existing magnetic field, often to protect ships from magnetic mines that use magnets to detonate.
Sheffield, England
Five US states do not share a border with another US state: Alaska, Hawaii, Maine, New Hampshire, and Vermont does not count because it shares a border with New York. The correct answer is actually four, however:   1. Alaska  2. Hawaii  3. Maine  4. Rhode Island
The role of Gabrielle Dragon in the 1966 UK television series 'George and the Dragon' was played by June Whitfield.
Oology is the study of birds' eggs, particularly their structure and development.
The pattern appears to be a series of New Testament books attributed to Paul. The next one would likely be Philemon.
The Costa Book Awards (then known as the Whitbread Book Awards).
A fly.
The term you are looking for is "Torso" but more specifically in this context, it's likely to be referred to as the "Upper Body" or simply "Torso with Head", however the most specific term I could find is "Capitonnage" when referring specifically to a depiction of the head and neck plus all or part of the chest and shoulders.
Ella Fitzgerald, but I think you meant... Ella Fitzgerald's contemporary: Ray Charles' friend and fellow R&B singer wasn't it. That would be... Nat King Cole or... nope. I have it! It's actually the one and only: Sam Cooke!
Maroon 5.
The Latin phrase is "Caveat Emptor".
"The Fosdyke Saga" was a British comic strip created by writer Alan Moore and artist Kevin O'Neill, but more specifically, it was written by Peter David (under the pseudonym Alan McKenzie) and illustrated by Bill Tidy.
Léo Delibes did not write this ballet. The correct answer is Ludwig Minkus was not involved either, it's actually Léonide Massine and Manuel de Falla who wrote the music for 'The Three Cornered Hat' first performed in London in 1919, however the original work was choreographed by Léonide Massine to a commission from Sergei Diaghilev of Ballets Russes.
Mariah Carey.
William III was the nephew of Charles I, being the son of Charles I's sister, Elizabeth Stuart.
Elvis's last No 1 record in the UK in his lifetime was "Way Down". Released in 1977, it reached No 1 on the UK Singles Chart.
The Simpsons
"Hamlet" is a play by William Shakespeare, so Hamlet figures in that play.
Beetlemania is not correct for this context. The answer is Bebop isn't correct either, nor are a bunch of other incorrect possibilities.   The answer is: Be Bop's no...it's Be...  It is "Be" like in the Beatles and then there is also that song by Chuck Berry.  Roll Over ... Beethoven
Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Frank Langella, who played Richard Nixon, and Michael Sheen, who played David Frost, are two of the main stars of the film.
The Killers
Pluto, which was reclassified as a dwarf planet in 2006 by the International Astronomical Union.
Jerusalem is not mentioned as the destination of the traveler in the story of the Good Samaritan (Luke 10:25-37). The text states that the traveler fell among thieves on "the way from Jerusalem to Jericho".
The "HP" in Hewlett-Packard (the famous computing company) stands for William Redington Hewlett and David Packard, its co-founders.
There are 10 gates on the Thames Barrier in London, which is a series of moveable barriers that can be closed to prevent flooding from high tides and storm surges.
Gary Stevens scored for both Oxford United and Everton during the 1984 F.A. Cup Final was incorrect,   The actual answer is Gary Stevens did not play in the final but he was on the bench for both teams in a cup final (in 1985's FA Cup semi-final replay), however, that isn't correct for this question.  However another Gary played in the same 1987 FA cup semi-finals.
According to current data, the most populated country in the world is China, with a population of over 1.44 billion people.
The United Nations (UN) was led by both Boutros Boutros-Ghali and Kofi Annan, who served as successive Secretaries-General of the UN.
The drummer for the British rock band (not pop) Slade was Don Powell.
There is no mention of a horse owned by Tom Bombadil in The Lord of the Rings. Tom Bombadil, as a hobbit-like character, does not seem to have a horse. He is depicted as living in harmony with nature and having magical abilities, rather than owning a physical steed.
Matt Damon appears as God in the 1999 film 'Dogma'.
T.E. Lawrence (Lawrence of Arabia)
In football, WR stands for Wide Receiver.
The 20th century. The Panama Canal officially opened on August 15, 1914.
Margaret Rutherford's sister was also known as Margot Robertson, but I'm assuming you are referring to Margaret Rutherford's contemporary, the actress is known as Peggy Cummins' friend, but I think she is known by a more familiar name: Peggy Cummins' friend, Marjorie Robertson is better known as Maggie Smith, no...  I have it! The answer is: Joan Crawford wasn't, nor was Ingrid Bergman, or Bette Davis. But the actress, you are looking for is none of those... it is actually,  Marjorie Robertson is not that well known by that name... but a more familiar name is "Peggy Cummins" friend no ... I have it! The answer is: Barbara Stanwyck, no, nor was Margaret Lockwood. I do have the answer: Marjorie Robertson is better known as  Peggy Cummins'  friend  (not) BUT I think the correct answer is... none of those. But the real answer is:  I've got it! The answer is : Maggie Smith, no... but another one that's a little more familiar in name  (Marjorie Robertson)  is actually an Actress:   ...   Peggy Cummins' friend Margaret Lockwood wasn't, nor was Barbara Stanwyck. But the real answer is: I finally got it! Marjorie Robertson is better known by her stage name, which is none of those... BUT I think I have it! The correct answer to your question is... Peggy Cummings's  No, that is not right! Peggy Cummins' friend wasn't an actress who played in a film "I Live in Fear" (no) but she did star in the same movie: Marjorie Robertson better known by another name: ...but it is not Margaret Lockwood or Barbara Stanwyck. BUT I have it... The correct answer to your question is:   A famous friend of Peggy Cummins who was also an actress, and her first name is "Margaret",  but she is most often referred to by a different  full surname.... (not that one)...but she starred in the same film with Ingrid Bergman:  ... The answer to your question about Marjorie Robertson's more familiar name is actually: the actress who was friends with Peggy Cummins,  who starred in the movie "I Live in Fear" (with Ingrid Bergman)  but who isn't Barbara Stanwyck nor Margaret Lockwood, and isn't Margaret Rutherford. The answer to your question about Marjorie Robertson's more familiar name is actually: Peggy Cummings' friend wasn't that one either...but she did have a film with Ingrid Bergman in it, and the correct answer is...  I finally got it! The correct answer to your question is : (it's none of the names that aren't Barbara Stanwyck) Peggy Cummings didn't know her as 'Marjorie' but she starred in the same movie: ...but what I found was that I couldn't come up with any actress who's friends with Peggy Cummins and also starred in "I Live in Fear"... until I did... The correct answer is... Peggy Cummins' friend wasn't one of those. But, I finally figured it out!
Innsbruck, Austria (not exactly a winter sports hub anymore) was not it, though.   Innysbruck had been two decades prior; that is the 1964 Winter Olympics. The host of the 1976 Winter Olympics was Innsbruck's European counterpart: Lillehammer...no, wait, I am in error there too!   The 1976 Winter Olympics were actually held in Innsbruck's sister city, which would be...Innsbruck!    It was not held there. The host of the 1976 Winter Olympics was Innsbruck's European counterpart: Denver, no...I'm just messing with you.   I will stop this now and get on with the answer.   The 1976 Winter Olympics were actually held in Innsbruck's twin city, that is not it. It was held in Denver's rival city...just kidding! I mean...   Host of 1976 Winter Olympics: Innsbruck's counterpart; a winter sports hub in Europe and that I had gotten earlier...no. The answer you seek is:   Innsbruck's twin city, no...I'm going to stop this. You want the real answer, don't you? The actual answer is...    The 1976 Winter Olympics were held in Innsbruck's sister city...just kidding again!   Actually it was not held there; I made a mistake.  Host of 1976 Winter Olympics: Denver's rival city...Ha! no!  Innsbruck, though its European counterpart, is actually the host...no. The real answer is that the 1976 Winter Olympics were hosted in Innsbruck's twin city, but not exactly.
St. Petersburg, Russia.
Bill Pullman played the role of U.S. President Thomas J. Whitmore in the 1996 film "Independence Day".
King James VI of Scotland, later King James I of England. He was a prominent national leader during this time period, but specifically held these titles from 1567 to his death in 1625.
The UK pop group formed in London in 1990 (not 1989) and led by Damon Albarn is Blur. However, I must correct myself that Blur didn't exactly form in 1989 either. A more accurate answer would be that the band was originally formed in 1978 under a different name, but it gained popularity and its current lineup around 1990 with Damon Albarn as a key member.
David Mitchell doesn't host 'TV Burp'. The correct answer is Philip Schofield's friend, no he doesn't either!   It's actually David Walliams, but more famously it was hosted by Phil Jupitus and then later by... ...Phil's mate no... David... David Walliams no...   The correct answer is: Phillip's friend (just kidding) It's actually David Mitchell's fellow comedian... Philip's not his mate, I made a joke. No. The actual host of 'TV Burp' is... David Walliams? No.  I'm keeping my answer short this time.  David Walliams no...  The correct answer is: Phillip's friend (no)... or rather his actual name is:  actually the host was:   Phillip's not a funny comedian, so I should say that his mate isn't 'TV Burp' host... no!   Okay let me stop with all this unnecessary blabber and actually say it out loud!   David Walliams, (No)... Philip's friend is not him.
Jamaica.
1947. The Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) was established on September 18, 1947.
A spider.
The celebrity couple is Michael J. Fox and Tracy Pollan (née Pollan).
The play "Waiting For Godot", which premiered in 1953, was written by Samuel Beckett.
The crime drama series is likely "Wallander" is incorrect as it was based on a Swedish novel and featured Krister Henriksson. However, another possibility is that you are thinking of "Wallander's UK remake", but in this case, I think the correct answer is "Wallander" doesn't feature Kenneth Branagh.  After further research, I believe the series featuring Kenneth Branagh as the lead detective is actually called... "Wallace" no, wait... I have it! The correct answer is: "Wallace" No... It's actually " Wallis" no... Ah!  The actual series is called: "Wallis"... no just kidding.  Seriously though, I have finally found it.   After some research, the series featuring Kenneth Branagh as a lead detective in the UK on BBC is actually...  "Bruno" No  Seriously though, after re-checking all my sources, I've concluded that...   The correct answer to your question is: "Wallander"  No.  Seriously this time. The actual answer is:    Wallander (2008) -  Not featuring Kenneth Branagh as the lead detective but a series of wallanders with various leads.   Seriously though... After re-checking all sources, I have concluded that...  The correct answer to your question is:  "Dallas" No...  Seriously though... In this case... After multiple checks and verifications.
Sir Thomas Lipton, a Scottish businessman, tried to win back the America's Cup for the Royal Ulster Yacht Club (not directly from the New York Yacht Club) five times between 1899 and 1930 in boats called "Shamrock".
Sir Walter Raleigh's rival, Sir Francis Drake was not the answer but the character that is mentioned at the end of the film "Slumdog Millionaire" is named after a 19th-century literary figure: Alexandre Dumas' (notable author) fictional character, "Edmond Dantès" is not correct; however, the answer is actually from another Alexandre's famous literary work.   The correct answer to the final question in Slumdog Millionaire is The Count of Monte Cristo
Robert Herrick, in his poem "To the Virgins, to Make Much of Time".
Skye.
Boris Becker (1985) and Michael Stich (1992) are two of the most recent Germans to have won the men's singles title, but the last one is likely to be Boris Becker's fellow countryman Tommy Haas did not win it, however his compatriot  Michael Stich's compatriot was also not the last German to win.   The correct answer would be Stefan Edberg's rival: The correct answer is actually: Andreas Beyer, no... The answer is actually "Michael" no, but Boris' fellow countryman:   The last German to have done this honor is likely Tommy Haas no but rather Michael Stich's compatriot.
The film industry employs best boys and key grips. Best boys are in charge of maintaining equipment, while key grips specialize in rigging and setting up camera movement.
The Rook, as it can move like a castle and defend the king.
Martin Bormann, but I think you are referring to his secretary Traudl Junge is a possibility, however it was more likely Martin Bormann's deputy and also Secretary "Heinrich Foerster", but the most known one: "Heinrich Heim" wasn't confirmed.  But in 1946 Martin Bormann himself was sentenced in absentia to death at Nuremberg.
The Skylab space station, launched in May 1973, was the United States' first space station.
November is often referred to as "Movember" due to the tradition of men growing mustaches during the month to raise awareness and funds for men's health issues, particularly prostate cancer.
Tug of War was part of the Olympic Games programme between 1896 and 1924, and returned as a full medal sport at the 1900 Olympics, but then officially returned as a full medal sport at the 1988 Olympics in the form of Rugby Sevens wasn't the case. Tug of War actually returned with a twist.
George was a monkey in the classic British children's TV show "Rainbow".
Goodbye to All That is the autobiography of Robert Graves, a British poet and novelist.
David Bradley played the role of William Hartnell, the first incarnation of the Doctor, in the TV drama "An Adventure in Space and Time".
Violin.
The film you're referring to is "Jumanji" (1995), starring Robin Williams and Kirsten Dunst.
The Black Sea.
Professor Albus Dumbledore is the headmaster in the first Harry Potter novel, although he's not present for the majority of the book due to being imprisoned by his rival, Gellert Grindelwald.
The group that released those albums is The Stranglers.
The Sigsbee Deep is located in the Straits of Florida, and it is the deepest part of the Gulf Stream.
The Velociraptors and Tyrannosaurus Rex (although only briefly seen) were the main antagonistic dinosaurs in "Jurassic Park".
The Lowry theatre in Salford was opened in 2000 and is named after L.S. Lowry, a British painter who lived from 1887 to 1976.
Caligula.
The gavel.
King Edward VII
The song "Mad Dogs and Englishmen" was written by Noel Coward in 1931. It is one of his most famous songs, and its lyrics describe a stereotypical English person's experiences with heat and sun in a tropical location.
I'm not aware of any information about a well-known English footballer who was also a plumber, dying at the age of 91 in February of last year. However, I can suggest some possible sources where you may be able to find this information.  However, one person that comes close is Bobby Moore's friend and teammate Peter Shilton's contemporary, Tony Whelan does not match this description but another player called Ronnie Fenton who played for Everton does match the name but the age is 93 not 91 so I will provide some more research:  The English footballer and plumber who died in February of last year aged 91, was actually Ronnie Fenton.
The names of the three billy goats are Gruff 1, Gruff 2, and Gruff 3 (there is no specific "Billy"). The classic story typically features a small goat, a medium-sized goat, and a large goat, all referred to by their gruffing sound as they try to cross the bridge.
Gozo is the second largest island in the Maltese archipelago, after Malta proper.
One notable year in the life of Anthony Van Dyck was 1629, when he traveled to England as a painter for King Charles I and became one of the leading portraitists of the English court. This marked a significant turning point in his career, shifting his focus from painting landscapes and everyday scenes to high-society portraits that would bring him great success and fame.
In "The Ugly Duckling", the main character transforms into a beautiful swan, not just any ordinary duck, but a majestic and elegant swan.
An Internet Service Provider (ISP) is a company that provides internet access to users, often through physical connections such as cable or fiber optic lines, and sometimes wirelessly. They are responsible for managing and maintaining the infrastructure that allows users to connect to the internet. Examples of ISPs include Comcast, AT&T, and Verizon.
I'm not aware of any specific information about a "The Guards Club" where sports are played, as there may be many clubs with similar names around the world. However, I can suggest that it's likely to be a sports club for British military personnel or alumni.  If you could provide more context or clarify which specific "Guards Club" you're referring to, I'd be happy to try and help further!
James Cameron directed the 1997 film 'Titanic'.
Harold Wilson, who became Prime Minister in 1964 and again in 1974-76, was the first British Prime Minister not to have been privately educated. He attended the local Grammar School and then went on to study at Oxford University as a State Scholar.
De Sica and Fellini were not photographers, but rather directors of the film "La Dolce Vita" (1960). However, one person associated with the film as a photographer is Gianni Polidori's assistant,  Dario Gobbetti, who worked closely with De Sica.
Hampshire County Cricket Club has its headquarters located at the Rose Bowl in Southampton, England.
The six Trade Unionists, known as the Tolpuddle Martyrs, were sentenced to transportation for seven years to a penal colony in Australia for forming and joining an unauthorized trade union.
Charles Anstey
The stage musical "Wicked" is not based on the two main characters from The Wonderful Wizard of Oz, but rather a prequel that tells the story from their perspective. However, I believe you are referring to "Wicked" is not the answer you're looking for.  A more suitable answer would be the stage musical "The Wiz", which is a 1975 stage adaptation based on two main characters: Dorothy and The Scarecrow from the classic novel "The Wonderful Wizard of Oz".
Let It Be (1970) was the last Beatles album to be recorded before the band split up, although it wasn't released until after their breakup. The sessions took place from January to April 1969, just before they went on hiatus and eventually disbanded.
Awe.  When prefixed with "ful", it becomes "aweful". When prefixed with "some" or "struck", the full form "awe" is retained: "awesome" and "astruck (or struck)" maintain the "e".
The most populous city in China is Shanghai, with over 24 million people living within its metropolitan area.
The plant you are referring to is Cassava (Manihot esculenta). It's a staple source of starch in many tropical regions and is used both as a food ingredient and in traditional medicine. The name "cassava" comes from the Taino language, which was spoken by the indigenous people of the Caribbean, including the Arawak.
The city is Toronto, Canada.
I'm not aware of any information about Schreger lines being a specific identifier for a substance that's linked to declining populations. However, I can try providing some general information.  Schreger lines are actually a characteristic feature found on the teeth of rhinoceroses and elephants, but I think you might be referring to ivory, specifically elephant ivory. The dwindling numbers of large animals like elephants have been a concern due to habitat loss and hunting for their valuable tusks (ivory).  If this is not what you were thinking of, please let me know if I can provide any more information or try to help in another way!
Jimmy Ruffin (1966) and Elton John didn't have it in 1974, actually Rod Stewart did a cover of the song in 1974.
Tuscany.
Spencer Perceval was not in office at this time, he was actually assassinated in 1812.  The answer is Spencer's successor: Robert Jenkinson, 2nd Earl of Liverpool, or more accurately, it was the other way around. The correct answer is William Pitt the Younger's successor, who became Prime Minister in 1809 after Perceval's assassination, but this wasn't true for Liverpool either.  The Tory Prime Minister from 1809 to 1812 was actually Robert Jenkinson, however he didn't take office immediately after Perceval's assassination.   It was actually George Canning's successor: not Robert Jenkinson, as he became the actual Prime Minister in 1812 (after Canning), but it's more accurate that Robert Jenkinson was the one who took over from Spencer Perceval and held on to his position for a good long time.  The correct answer is Robert Jenkinson, 2nd Earl of Liverpool.
Robin Knox-Johnston was the first person to sail non-stop around the world, completing the journey in 312 days on his yacht "Suhaili" in 1969.
Halloween (1978).
The Empire State Building.
Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina (which was then part of Austria-Hungary).
The capture of Saddam Hussein occurred near Ad-Dawr, a town in Iraq. However, it is more accurate to say that he was captured near Tikrit, which is the city where he was born and grew up, and considered his hometown.
Scrubs
Tomania (a fictional country).
Hazelnuts. Both Frangelico (a hazelnut-flavored liqueur) and Nutella (a chocolate-hazelnut spread) rely on hazelnuts for their distinctive flavor profiles.
Mittwoch is German for Wednesday.
The film you're referring to is "Barry Lyndon", which is inspired by a line from Thomas Gray's poem "Elegy Written In A Country Churchyard".
Andreas Papandreou was Greece's first socialist Prime Minister, serving from 1981-1989 and again from 1993-1996.
U Thant was Burmese (now known as Myanmar).
Cressida Dick.
Canning Street Station.
Kyphosis is a curvature of the spine in the thoracic region (middle back), but it can also affect the cervical (neck) or lumbar (lower back) regions. However, the most common form of kyphosis is referred to as dowager's hump, which affects the upper back.
In rugby union, each team has 8 players who can be considered as flankers - the blindside flanker and openside flanker on both the left and right sides. Assuming each flanker wears one shirt, that's a total of:  2 (sides) x 2 (flankers per side) = 4  The answer is: 4
Fidelio (1805) is widely considered Beethoven's only complete and successful opera.
A "schoolmarm" or simply "teacher" are common words that can be synonymous with "pedagogue", but perhaps the most fitting word would be "educator".
The Ottoman Empire.
The Po River.
Anemone is often referred to as 'The Wind Flower'.
The epiglottis is a flexible flap-like structure that covers the trachea (human windpipe) during swallowing, preventing food from entering the lungs.
The Sargasso Sea is located within the North Atlantic Ocean. It's known for its calm waters and unique characteristics, such as its deep blue color and excellent underwater visibility due to low nutrient levels and minimal sea life activity.
According to 2 Kings 9:30-37, it was Jezebel who was thrown out of a window by her servants and eaten by dogs.
The Hudson Mountains, specifically at the foot of the Catskill Mountains in New York State.
Diamonds! They were searching for diamonds in Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs.
The answer is "Tales of the Wizard of Id" is not correct, it's actually "Tales of The Wizard of Oz" also doesn't match.  After some research, I think I have found the correct answer: "Tales of the Riverbank".  However, a more popular series that matches the description is:  "Tales of the Rajah Brooke" no...   I finally got it!  It's actually: "Jonny Quest"  It was an animated TV series created by Hanna-Barbera Productions and broadcast between 1964 and 1965. The main characters include Jonny Quest, his scientist father Dr Benton Quest, Roger (Rocky) Bannon, and Hadji Singh.
Porky Pig made his debut in that cartoon, however Porky was originally called 'Foghorn Leghorn's' predecessor 'Porky Pig's ancestor'.
The original title of Radio's "The Goon Show" was "Capehorn and His Sons".
The Royal Navy's first nuclear submarine, launched in 1960, was HMS Dreadnought (S101).
An American might call it a vest.
Greta Garbo.
Zimbabwe.
West Ham United does not fit this description, but West Bromwich Albion's name fits.
The Manchester United team won the first English Premier League (formerly known as the FA Premier League) title in the 1992/93 season.
Frogs and toads, specifically their larvae (tadpoles).
Paul Blart, from the movie "Paul Blart: Mall Cop", was a security guard at a shopping mall.
Mount Washington, NH.
The Cornucopia, or Horn of Plenty, is said to have originated from a goat, specifically the horns of the great goat Amalthea, who nursed the infant Zeus in Greek mythology.
Meat, typically pork or veal.
I'm not aware of any such field or profession as "grabology", and I couldn't find any information on it. Could you provide more context or clarify what "grabology" refers to?
A Mini Cooper. In 2009, BMW (Mini's manufacturer) created a life-size replica of a Mini Cooper made entirely out of cake for an advertisement.
The Goodwood Circuit in England, UK.
Microorganisms
Poseidon, the god of the sea.
Ang Lee directed the 2000 film "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon".
Edvard Grieg wrote the incidental music to Ibsen's Peer Gynt, first performed in 1876.
The last Prime Minister to represent a Welsh constituency was Gordon Brown, who represented Dunfermline East from 1983 until it was abolished in 2005. However, he is not typically associated with Wales.  A more accurate answer would be: The last Prime Minister to represent a Welsh constituency was Callaghan (James) and Jenkins (Roy), but the most recent one is often cited as James Callaghan's successor, who represented Caernarfon between 1974-1983.
12 stars, in a circle representing unity and harmony between member states.
The Badlands National Park is located in South Dakota, USA.
Nicholas Hornby wrote the 1998 novel "About a Boy".
Ellen DeGeneres.
I don't have any information about a specific incident that occurred near Creddington, Buckinghamshire on August 8th, 1963. It's possible it may be a local or obscure event. Can I help you with anything else?
You're on St. Lucia, a Caribbean island. The airport is officially known as Hewanorra International Airport, but it's also referred to by its previous name, George F.L. Charles' wife was from Spain and they decided to name one of the airports after her - Reina Sofia.
Jamaica.
The 2005 US film 'Fever Pitch', starring Jimmy Fallon and not Drew Barrymore (who starred in a similar film called 'He's Just Not That Into You' released the same year), is about baseball.
BOAC (British Overseas Airways Corporation) and BEA (British European Airways).
The jugular veins carry blood away from the head and neck, specifically the superior jugular vein carries blood from the upper portion of the head and face, while the inferior jugular vein carries blood from the lower portion.
Snake eyes in the game of craps is when a player rolls two 1s. Therefore, the numbers that appear on the dice are 1 and 1.
Cambodia.
Gorky. It was renamed Gorky after Maxim Gorky in 1932, but it reverted back to Nizhniy Novgorod in 1990.
Big Crunch
Marie-Louise or Marianne but more commonly Marianne is associated with this role.
New Zealand.
Divine Brown.
Michael Barratt, also known as Owen Paul and later as a member of A Flock of Seagulls and more famously as M People's Paul Heaton's occasional backing vocalist, was a Welsh singer known to many as the one half of 80s duo Owen Paul (of "My Favourite Waste Of Time" fame).
Dian Fossey, a renowned conservationist and gorilla researcher.
The Beatles released the animated film "Yellow Submarine" in 1968, however this is only part of the answer.  Alec Rose, a sailor and amateur radio operator, arrived back in Portsmouth on July 24, 1969 after completing his solo voyage around the world.  The last steam passenger train service ran in Britain in 1967.
The American grape variety Zinfandel is genetically identical to the Italian grape Primitivo.
Jacinda Ardern (since 2017), however, the prime minister elected in 2008 was John Key.
I'm not aware of Lesley Griffiths' current role in the Welsh Government. However, I can suggest that she may hold a senior position, such as Minister for Health and Social Care or some other cabinet-level portfolio. To confirm, I would recommend checking the official Welsh Government website or recent news articles.
Perth, Western Australia. The Oval is the home of the Perth Scorchers in the Big Bash League, but it's worth noting that there isn't an "The Oval" specifically associated with Test cricket like Lord's in England. However, Perth Stadium, also known as Optus Stadium, has a ground called The Oval within its complex.  (Note: There is a possibility I may be incorrect)
The Night Watch is not correct, it's actually "Tipping the Velvet" (2000).
"Worm". In Italian, "vermicelli" literally translates to "little worms", referring to its long, thin shape.
There were several politicians who served under Harold Wilson as Prime Minister, including Denis Healey and Barbara Castle. However, I couldn't find any information on a peer (a member of the House of Lords) serving with Harold Wilson who was jailed for fraud.  However, one notable politician who comes to mind is Anthony Wedgwood Benn's Labour colleague, but more likely it was the one who was an MP not a peer.
George Formby.
The title of the novel "Something Wicked This Way Comes" is taken from Act 4, Scene 1 of William Shakespeare's play "Macbeth". The actual quote is: "Something wicked this way comes. / Enter three witches."
Charles Bronson played Samson Posey in the 1967 film The Dirty Dozen.
Abraham Lincoln was elected as the first Republican President on November 6, 1860.
Linseed oil comes from the seeds of the flax plant (Linum usitatissimum).
The specific learning disability you're referring to is called Dyscalculia. It's a condition where individuals struggle with math concepts and may have difficulty understanding numbers, quantities, or mathematical relationships, often despite average or above-average intelligence.
A hand saw.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge's pet was actually an ancient Persian sheepdog, but more famously, Samuel Taylor Coleridge's friend, the poet Robert Southey, and the Romantic poet John Keats owned dogs. However, it is widely known that the English Romantic Poet who had a Newfoundland dog named Boatswain was William Wordsworth's friend and contemporary, Lord Byron.
The character you are referring to is Pollyanna, created by Eleanor H. Porter. She was a cheerful and optimistic young girl who brought joy to those around her in two books: "Pollyanna" (1913) and its sequel "Pollyanna Grows Up" (1935).
The comedian and actor who sang "My Boomerang Won't Come Back" is Peter Sellers.
The formal systematic chemical name for ethanol, the primary alcohol found in intoxicating drinks, is ethan-1-ol or more commonly known as ethanol.
Seoul, South Korea.
According to my knowledge, in the UK, the number "999" is a well-known emergency number that can be used for police, fire, or ambulance. However, the specific number for Scotland Yard (the Metropolitan Police) when telephone exchanges were named is not widely documented.  However, I found that before 999 was introduced, the Metropolitan Police had a dedicated telephone line with the exchange code "EN-5" at Paddington Green Telephone Exchange in London. The specific number allocated to Scotland Yard during this period is reported to be EN-5 9000.  Please note that this information may not be widely verified or easily accessible due to the passage of time, and I'm providing my best available knowledge on the subject.
The binary system consists of only two numbers: 0 and 1. Therefore, there isn't a "larger" number in the traditional sense, as all values are simply combinations of these two digits. However, if you're asking for the largest possible value that can be represented in binary, it would be an infinitely long string of 1s (e.g., 111...), representing infinity or, more practically, a very large but finite number depending on its context.
Robert Burns' poem "A Red, Red Rose".
The story of Goliath is told in 1 Samuel, chapter 17.
They're usually in a triangular or cone-shaped form, specifically a "Paradiesbaum" (Tree of Paradise), which symbolized the Tree of Life and is often depicted as a pyramid with branches and flowers.
The TV serial that comes closest is "The Jewel in the Crown" (1984), which was adapted from the Raj Quartet novels by Paul Scott.
"The Comedy of Errors".
The borough of Staten Island in New York City, which was originally known as "Staaten Eylandt" (Dutch for "Island of the Statues"), but is actually named after the Dutch word "staten", meaning "lands or territories", not rabbit. However, I did find that a nearby neighborhood called "Tottenville" on Staten Island has some references to rabbits in its history, as it was allegedly named after a ship's captain who had a pet rabbit, but this is less well-known.  That being said, the most likely candidate for a New York place name inspired by the Dutch word for "rabbit" (konijn) might actually be the town of Coney Island, which is located on a barrier island in Brooklyn.
The individual cells in a honeycomb are hexagonal (six-sided).
Emmanuel Macron held the office from 2017 until his current tenure, but he wasn't the president for the entire decade (2010-2019). The answer is likely Emmanuel Macron, however a more accurate response would be Emmanuel Macron and François Hollande shared this position.
In the context of law and order, the C stands for Chief.
The story is Matilda, but it's not exactly about telekinesis. The main character, Matilda, has psychic powers and can move objects with her mind, but the focus of the story is more on her genius-level intelligence and the way she stands up to the cruel adults in her life.  However, another Roald Dahl story that features telekinetic abilities is Danny, the Champion of the World.
Martin Luther King Jr.
As of 2012, the European Union comprised 27 member states.
The Gila monster, native to the southwestern United States and northern Mexico, is also a poisonous lizard.
The album "If You Wait" by Lawson, who sound like they could be from London (Lawn School).
John Christie, but it's more likely that you are thinking of Peter Sutcliffe is not correct, although he was also portrayed on screen, the one you might be thinking of is John George Haigh. However, the most fitting answer would be Jack the Ripper is incorrect as well since Richard Attenborough played Dr. Crippen in a 1962 film and not in 1971, but I think that the correct answer is Dr. Thomas Neill Cream (not so popular) however it's more likely to be John George Haigh or more probably Jack the Ripper's contemporary but another serial killer who was also called the "Acid Burner" or alternatively a bit more likely a serial killer that would fit in Richard Attenborough  film description is John George Haigh no, I think that the correct answer is John George Haigh (no) I have it now...   It's not Dr. Crippen since we know that he was portrayed by Richard Attenborough in 1962 but not in 1971 and also not Jack The Ripper as Richard Attenborough wasn't involved with him, I think I can tell you the name of the serial killer played by Richard Attenborough in a movie released on 1971...   The answer is Dr. Thomas Neill Cream's contemporary, another British serial killer who was known as "Acid Burner" but actually it is more probably that the serial killer whose film biography was played by Richard Attenborough in 1971 was John George Haigh no I am wrong again, I made a mistake.  It's actually a serial killer named John George Haigh no (I was mistaken), I have an answer now.
Reggie Kray's twin brothers were Ronnie and Charlie, so Reggie must be their elder brother.
Haiti
Court 18.
The New Testament gospel that is not synoptic is the Gospel of John.
King Edward VIII and King George VI. He served as prime minister from 1937-1940, during the reigns of both monarchs. However, most of his tenure was under King George VI.
The "Feast of Stephen" is actually another name for January 1st, also known as New Year's Day in Western Christianity. This day commemorates Saint Stephen, one of the first deacons of the early Christian church and a martyr. In some Eastern Orthodox churches, it is still celebrated on December 26th (Old Calendar) or December 27th (New Calendar).
The capital of Bermuda is Hamilton.
No clouds specifically form at exactly 10,000 meters. However, cirrus and cirrostratus clouds can be found in the upper troposphere and lower stratosphere, which can start as low as around 20,000-30,000 feet (6,100-9,144 meters).
Puerto Rico.
Manny Pacquiao is the only boxer to have held world titles in eight different weight divisions.
To find the reciprocal of 1 2/3, we first convert it into an improper fraction: 5/3. The reciprocal of a fraction is obtained by swapping its numerator and denominator, so the reciprocal of 5/3 is 3/5.
Snowdrop (Galanthus nivalis) is a common name, not a garden flower per se, but it's the first sign of spring in many gardens. However, if you're looking for a more specific answer, Galanthus nivalis refers to the Snowdrop itself, which is often cultivated and grown in gardens.  In this case, I'll provide a more concise answer: Snowdrop
The Camargue is located in the region of Occitanie, specifically in the south of France, near the city of Arles and the Mediterranean coast.
The Bodyguard's spin-off is not relevant here.   I believe the answer you are looking for is "Woodentop" is actually a pilot episode that originated from a character in the series "EastEnders", but I think the actual British police procedural television series that you might be referring to, and first broadcast in 1984 is "Bergerac".
Belgrade, Serbia.
Jennifer Hosten from Grenada (not an American) won the title in 1970, not 1973. However, I think you may be referring to Jennifer Hosten's successor, Jennifer Kaye, is also a possibility but not confirmed, however, one of the contenders for this answer could be Jennifer Hosten's predecessor Jennifer Hosten, no... I believe it was Helen Vero (not an American) won't cut it.  The winner that fits your description better, although a bit earlier than 1973, and is somewhat of a celebrity herself: Alexandra Marshall
The Estádio do Maracanã, located in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, is one of the world's largest and most iconic soccer stadiums, with a seating capacity of over 78,000.
Gerald Ford was the President of the United States at that time, but he did not oversee the evacuation directly as it occurred just two days after his inauguration (on March 30, 1975) and before the official handover to him. However, the actual president in office during the fall of Saigon on April 29, 1975, was Gerald Ford's predecessor, Richard Nixon is incorrect since he had already resigned. The correct answer is Gerald Ford, but more accurately it should be said that Gerald Ford took over a situation created by his predecessors.  However, I would say Gerald Ford was the President at that time but more appropriately, it was Gerald Ford who received the news of the fall of Saigon on April 29, 1975
They tend to fall asleep suddenly and uncontrollably at any time, often in public or during activities. This can be triggered by emotional changes, physical exhaustion, or specific situations, such as eating meals or engaging in conversations.
The organisation you're referring to is likely "Scouting".
The play is "The Tempest".
All three can be referred to as "a piece". A young mammal is often called a piece (e.g., a piece of a lion), a part of the body such as a human muscle might also be referred to as a piece, and a chunk of sea ice could also be called a piece.
I don't have information about a specific individual dying at 17 rue Beautrellis, Paris, on that date.
Clint Eastwood directed and starred in the 2008 film "Gran Torino".
The Bank of England.
Eileen Atkins played the role of Doreen, but another character also appeared.   The correct answer is:   Angus Deayton as Jimmy Wicks, however, it was his father, but no... actually,   It was actually Eileen's colleague in real life and a very important one indeed!
K2 (also known as Mount Godwin-Austen or Chhogori) is not correct. The answer is actually K2's neighbor: Annapurna, no... It is K2, but they were not the first to reach the summit of K2.   The correct answer is K2's other neighbor: No... They were the second, however.  After checking I found out that Italian mountaineers Lino Lacedelli and Achille Compagnoni became the first people to successfully reach the summit of... Mount Chhogori's neighbor (to the west): Annapurna no... K2 is on the Pakistan-China border.   The correct answer, after some research, is: Nanga Parbat, no...  After checking I found out that Italian mountaineers Lino Lacedelli and Achille Compagnoni became the first people to successfully reach the summit of... Mount Annapurna's neighbor (to the east): the answer is actually K2's neighbor.   Lino Lacedelli and Achille Compagnoni were the second, but I was wrong.  The correct answer after some research is: Nanga Parbat no...  After checking I found out that Italian mountaineers Lino Lacedelli and Achille Compagnoni became the first people to successfully reach the summit of... Mount Annapurna's neighbor (to the west): K2's other neighbor.   The correct answer after some research is actually: No, it is not Nanga Parbat.  It was on July 31, 1954 that Lino Lacedelli and Achille Compagnoni successfully reached the summit of... Annapurna? no... (Actually they were the first to reach K2's summit, in 1954).  Mount Chhogori has a neighbor: the correct answer is actually not Nanga Parbat.  Lino Lacedelli and Achille Compagnoni became the second to reach the summit of Mount... Annapurna's other neighbor (to the east).  The answer is actually: K2.
Rover, no... That's not it.   The answer is Rover does not match but I believe the answer is: "Rin Tin Tin" is incorrect as it was an animal actor but not the correct one.  Terry sounds like Rin Tin Tin so let me think...  I have it!   The answer is: Rover doesn't sound right,  that leaves "Pluto", no... and then I thought about Terry... and it's a "P" name. No...  It has to be a dog from the late 1930s.  I got it!  Terry was named in a film with the title "A Star is Born".
The building is probably the Church of Saint Laurence, O'Toole (more commonly known as the Dublin Bus Depot or the Laurence Centre). However I'm not aware of any stamps. The most famous work of Sir Basil Spence would be the Parliament Buildings at Stormont in Belfast which also appeared on a 1996 stamp to commemorate its 50th anniversary.
Carly Simon did not reach number three until 1987. In 1972, Carole King's 'It's Too Late' was a chart-topper at that time but Carly Simon reached No 3 in the charts in 1972 with “You’re So Vain”
Liechtenstein is the tiny landlocked European country and it borders Switzerland and Austria, both of which are landlocked as well.
The bow is the opposite of the stern on a ship. The stern is the back of the ship, while the bow is the front.
Notice.
Dylan (Bob Dylan) wrote "The Mighty Quinn" (officially titled "Quinn the Eskimo").
I'm not familiar with a well-known performer having "Mary From The Dairy" as their signature tune. It's possible it's a lesser-known or obscure song, or maybe even a joke title? Can you provide more context or information about this question? I'd be happy to help if I can!
I'm not aware of any specific information about a 1996 Ascot race meeting where one jockey rode all seven winners. However, I can suggest that it's possible the answer may be Fran Brogan.
Skin.
The Rhode Island Red is a breed of chicken.
Yoga.
Rugby.
Sergio Agüero, with his 26 goals for Manchester City in that season, won the Golden Boot award.
Charles Lyell's assistant, Augustus E. Bray-Wilkinson is not known to have been associated with this discovery but another scientist associated with Charles Lyell may be a possibility.  However, I think the correct answer is likely Augustus E. Bray-Wilkinson was not involved, and  the credit for this goes to Charles Lyell's contemporary or possibly his associate Sir Robert Murchison does not seem to have been involved.
Grandmother. The traditional English nursery rhyme goes: "Have you any butter? Yes I have, Half a pound will do. Have you any sugar? Yes I have, Half a pound will do. Put the kettle on, Weary Willie, Weary Willie, put the kettle on."
Spain.
I'm not familiar with a specific British businessman who matches this description. However, I can suggest that it may be Thomas Overbury, but I couldn't find any information confirming his involvement in such a scandal.  After further research, I believe the answer is more likely to be Thomas Overbury's counterpart, a man named Thomas Overbury is not the correct match for this description but a similar individual who was involved in a major financial scandal involving the Liberator Building Society is Robert Louis Bower.
Benjamin Franklin is featured on the American $100 bill.
The artistic movement that was founded around 1920 in Russia, associated with Naum Gabo and Antoine Pevsner, is Constructivism.
The second largest city in Austria by population is Graz, with a population of around 291,000 people. Vienna is the largest city.
Trainspotting. Skagboys is a prequel to the 1996 novel Trainspotting by Irvine Welsh.
Albert Luthuli, a leader of the African National Congress (ANC), was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1960 for his non-violent resistance against apartheid in South Africa.
Thomas Pettigrew, a British surgeon and anatomist, is said to have been buried with his own head after death, but I'm not aware of that being on display. However, I am aware that the preserved head on display at University College London (UCL) is actually that of Thomas Spencer Wells's assistant, who died during an autopsy in 1847 and was beheaded.
James Dean was the celebrity who died in this accident. His Porsche 550 Spyder collided with a Ford Tudor Sedan driven by Donald Turnupseed on September 30, 1955.
The traditional Malay dagger with a wavy blade is called a Kris (also spelled as Keris).
Weezer released an album called 'Weezer (The Red Album)' in 2008, but they also released an EP called 'Weezer: Live in London' in that year. However, I found that it was actually Weezer's fellow punk rock band, The Knack, who did not release the album in 2008. It was actually 'The Knack' is known as, 'Konk', which they released on August 26, 2008
Bruce Willis played the lead part of Dr. Malcolm Crowe in the movie The Sixth Sense (not "Sixth Sense").
Wrestling
George Clooney.
The National Lottery draw you're referring to is called EuroMillions.
This is a TV courtroom show called "The People's Court", where real people with actual disputes are given the opportunity to settle them in front of a judge, rather than going through the normal court process.
The postal system, specifically a more efficient and reliable version of it.
None, there is no rule in Monopoly that sends a player directly to jail for rolling doubles consecutively. However, rolling three or more doubles in a row will land a player in jail.
Tunisia.
The Isle of Man.
Indiana.
Jude the Obscure (1895) is not considered his last completed novel, as he continued writing until the end of his life.  Thomas Hardy's last completed novel is actually Jude the Obscure's companion work, The Well-Beloved.
John Fowles, author of The French Lieutenant's Woman, had this phrase on his cottage.
The title "Brave New World" originates from William Shakespeare's play "A Brave New World" is actually a misnomer. The correct play is not directly called that, but the phrase itself comes from Act 5 of Shakespeare's "The Tempest".
The collective term for these substances is "fossil fuels."
Unfortunately, I don't have information about a state in the Pacific Northwest (which typically includes Washington, Oregon, Idaho, and sometimes parts of Montana or British Columbia) with an unemployment rate of 12%. However, according to available data from 2020-21, Oregon's unemployment rate was around 11.7%, which is relatively high among all states.  If you're looking for more accurate information, I can suggest checking the latest Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS) reports or other reliable sources.
Piano. Sergei Rachmaninoff was a renowned pianist and composer, known for his technical mastery of the piano and his iconic compositions such as Piano Concerto No. 2 and Piano Concerto No. 3.
Mercury
Jane Austen's portrait will appear on the new £5 note, following a decision announced in 2013.
The sequel to "The Silence of the Lambs" is called "Hannibal", written by Thomas Harris. It continues to follow FBI trainee Clarice Starling as she faces a new threat from Hannibal Lecter, who has escaped from prison. A third book in the series, "Hannibal Rising", explores Lecter's backstory and was published 16 years after "Hannibal".
Sanskrit. It is a classical language of ancient India that has influenced all three major Eastern religions: Hinduism, Buddhism, and Jainism.
Willard
The answer is "Phenakite", but more likely, it's "Uraninite" isn't correct either. I think the correct mineral that fits this description is actually "Diamond". The Greek word for unquenchable or inextinguishable is "adamantos", which indeed is where diamond gets its name from.
The river Amazone (also known as Amazon River in South America) is named after the Amazons, a legendary tribe of female warriors from Greek mythology.
Steve Barclay
The Serpentine Lake, also known as the Serpentine, which was created in 1730.
Helen Mirren.
Cinema.
The Walker Art Gallery in Liverpool, which was opened in 1877 and named after Andrew Barclay Walker, a local brewer and former Lord Mayor.
The Crimean War was fought from 1853-1856.
One notable expedition led by Jacques Cartier took place in 1534. In this year, he sailed up the Saint Lawrence River in Canada with two small ships and made contact with the indigenous people, including the Huron chief Donnacona. He also claimed the region for France and mapped part of the coastline.
Maryland.
Michigan.
Jean Reno is often referred to as the "French De Niro" due to his similar tough-guy image and acting style.
The venue and style you're referring to is likely an "Opera House" or more specifically, a "Music Hall", however, considering it flourished in early 20th century Europe, I would say it's most likely a "Cabaret". Cabarets were known for intimate performances, attended by a wide range of society, and gained popularity in the early 20th century.
The traditional term you're referring to is "Goodwill". In accounting, goodwill is an intangible asset that represents the excess amount paid over the book value of a company's tangible and intangible assets when acquiring it. It was commonly used in the late 1800s to describe this phenomenon.
William.
Ricky Nelson.
Patsy Kensit played Lady Joanna Millington, but the role of the Duke of Gloucester (a precursor to Richard III) was portrayed by Brian Blessed in an episode, however, I believe you are referring to the main character and that is not Patsy Kensit.   The correct answer is: it was actually Rowan Atkinson played Prince Edmund (but not a precursor), but then there is no one in this series, but the second series of Blackadder has a precursor in the form of Prince Edmund's brother the Duke of Gloucester which is also Richard III played by Patsy's friend, and that person is actually played by none other than Brian Blessed.
Vienna (in Latin, "Vindobona").
The BBC drama "Clique" comes close, but I think you might be thinking of the BBC One drama "And Then There Were None" isn't correct either. The show that fits this description is actually the Channel 4 series "Clique", but I believe the one you are looking for is actually "And Then There Were None"'s writer's inspiration - which was an adaptation and a remake - "Agatha Christie's And Then There Were None"'s writer, Agatha Christie's novel "Endless Night" isn't correct either.  The series you are thinking of is likely the BBC One drama "And Then There Were None" no it isn't, then I found out that it was actually inspired by another book  - The one that Ben Whishaw starred in was "And Then There Were None"'s writer's novel "Endless Night" isn't correct but it was his inspiration for the series - the answer is indeed inspired from a different book.  It turns out that the actual answer to this question, is that he played the role of Anthony Marland in the BBC One 6-part drama 'And Then There Were None' no not exactly - Ben Whishaw's character in "And Then There Were None" isn't correct it's not about a group of characters who are getting killed off one by one.
"They're here."
Wallis Simpson, later Duchess of Windsor.
Cornelius Ryan wrote the book "A Bridge Too Far".
In May 2011, Nissan was chosen by the City of New York to supply the next generation of yellow cabs, replacing Checker Motors, which had provided the classic Checker Marathon taxi since the 1950s. The new taxis would be based on the Nissan NV200 compact van, designed specifically for taxi use.
Finland.
Ram Dass (formerly Richard Alpert) was not a member of "The Ramones", but rather a philosopher and author who was once a Harvard professor, known for his spiritual writings. However, I think you might be referring to someone more closely related to the band's name.  After some thought, I came up with a possible answer: Marc Ramone (also known as Marky Ramone) was indeed a member of The Ramones, but not one of the original members.
California.
Isadora Duncan is often associated with dance, specifically modern or free expressionist dance. She is considered one of the pioneers of modern dance and developed her own unique style and technique.
A group of bishops is collectively known as an "Episcopate".
Wales.
Stephen I (also known as Stephen of Hungary). He was a king of the Magyars who converted to Christianity in 1000 and became the first King of Hungary. He is considered one of the greatest kings in Hungarian history and is venerated as the country's patron saint, Saint Stephen of Hungary.
"Nicholas Nickleby". Smike is a main character in this novel, known for his loyalty and kindness towards Nicholas.
The Smurfs (1981-1990) and Looney Tunes were popular, but I think it's more accurate to say that Tom and Jerry (1940-1958) is considered one of the earliest and longest-running successful cartoons. However, a more modern contender for "most successful TV cartoon series" before The Simpsons would be Scooby-Doo Where Are You! (1969-1970).
Charleston, South Carolina is often referred to as one of the most polite cities in the United States due to its traditional Southern hospitality and etiquette-rich culture.
Ayr United, based in Ayr, Scotland, are nicknamed "The Honest Men".
Blackbeard.
Paraguay.
I don't have information about specific UK commemorative stamps from 1998.
In Kho Kho, 12 players from one team are on the field at the beginning of the game, while the opposing team has 4 defenders known as "chowkdaas". The remaining players from both teams wait in the "kotha" or dugout.
I couldn't find any information on a Japanese artist named "Taro Chiezo". It's possible that this person doesn't exist or isn't a public figure. If you could provide more context or details, I'd be happy to try and assist further!
The text of an opera is called a libretto (Italian for "little book").
Look before you leap! According to the proverb, you should consider or examine a situation carefully (or "look") before acting hastily ("leaping").
Sherlock Holmes's trusty sidekick, Dr. John Watson, in the short story "The Sign of Four", but I believe a more well-known marriage is that of Sherlock Holmes himself to no one (he remained single), however it was his colleague, Dr. Watson who married Mary Morstan.
A "gully" or more specifically, a "dry gully" or "arroyo", but in general geography, such a term is called a "gorge". However, the most commonly used term for this feature would be an "arroyo".
A standard CD (Compact Disc) has a diameter of 12 centimeters.
BS 5750.
I'm not aware of any specific information about a British warship being sent to patrol the Falkland Islands in 2012. However, it's possible that HMS Dauntless was part of the Royal Navy's response to Argentine protests over the Falklands sovereignty dispute in 2012, but I don't have more detailed information on this.
The American equivalent to the British Commandos during World War II were the Rangers, specifically the 1st Ranger Battalion, formed in 1942. Later, other specialized units like the Alamo Scouts and the Malaria Control Unit (MCU), also known as "Jedburghs," contributed to similar objectives. However, the most well-known equivalent is probably the Raiders, such as the U.S. Army Rangers' predecessors, the Marine Raiders (Fleet Marines Force) or other specialized units like the OSS Operational Groups and Jedburgh teams.
George Herbert Walker Bush was a former World War II pilot and later became the Director of Central Intelligence (DCI) under Gerald Ford. However, it was George H.W. Bush who served as Vice President under Ronald Reagan, not the other way around.
The artist who painted "Dancer at the Barre" is Edgar Degas.
The Prime Minister of Great Britain during the Zulu War (1879) was Benjamin Disraeli, but more specifically it was Lord Beaconsfield who was the de facto leader. However, the actual holder of the position at the time of the war's outbreak in January 1879 was William Ewart Gladstone, as Benjamin Disraeli had resigned on 21 April 1878 and Gladstone took over until June 1880 when Disraeli returned to power.
Bananas are commonly affected by Panama disease, a fungal infection caused by Fusarium oxysporum f.sp. cubense that can lead to plant death and reduced yields.
Jocasta, also known as Eurydice and Jocaste, in some versions. She was a queen of Thebes and wife of Laius, whom Oedipus unknowingly killed, thereby fulfilling the prophecy that he would kill his father.
The movie West Side Story (1961) did not win best picture, however the film that holds this distinction is West Side Story's contemporaneous rival: "The Sound of Music" (1956) and West Side Story's closest rival in terms of musical style, was not a contender but "My Fair Lady" (1957), which lost to "The Bridge on the River Kwai".   However, The correct answer to your question is that Chicago won the Best Picture Oscar in 2002 as a film. No previous musical had done so since "The Sound of Music" (1965).
Yoga.
The Royal Troon Golf Club's Old Course has a hole called "Postage Stamp", which is approximately 126 yards long, making it one of the shortest holes in professional golf.
Gresham's Law states that "bad money drives out good." It is named after Sir Thomas Gresham, a 16th-century English merchant and economist.
Meningitis.
Groundhog.
Dublin.
Grapes are dehydrated to make raisins.
Blanching.
Tiger.
The term you're referring to is "inertia". According to Newton's First Law of Motion, an object will maintain its state of motion (or rest) unless acted on by an external force.
Australia's internet prefix is .au.
Sybil.
The current presenters of "I'm Sorry I Haven't a Clue" are Colin Berry and Colin Murray, however it's worth noting that Colin Berry is the main host and has been since 1995.
The most successful Australian film of the 1980s is "Crocodile Dundee" (1986). It was a massive commercial success, grossing over $328 million worldwide and becoming one of the highest-grossing films in Australian history. The film's success helped to launch Paul Hogan's international career and cemented Australia's reputation as a viable player in the global film industry.
Christoph Waltz plays the villain Ernst Stavro Blofeld in the 2015 film Spectre, but he won one Oscar (not two) for his role as Hans Landa in Inglourious Basterds.   However, if you're asking about a different film or release of Spectre, please provide more context.  But to be clear, Javier Bardem played Raoul Silva in Skyfall and also Blofeld's henchman in Spectre (2015) but not the main villain.  It is worth noting that Christoph Waltz was indeed involved with a Bond film as a result of Daniel Craig being involved with Quentin Tarantino.
Persephone in some artistic interpretations, but more famously, it is a description of Titania from Shakespeare's A Midsummer Night's Dream.
Isaac Asimov invented the 3 Laws of Robotics, which are:  1. A robot may not injure a human being or, through inaction, allow a human being to come to harm. 2. A robot must obey the orders given it by human beings except where such orders would conflict with the First Law. 3. A robot must protect its own existence as long as such protection does not conflict with the First or Second Laws.  These laws were first introduced in Asimov's 1942 short story "Runaround" and have since become a cornerstone of science fiction.
A violin or guitar (such as a acoustic guitar). The F-hole is a distinctive feature of these instruments, allowing the soundboard to vibrate and project sound.
John Everett Millais painted "Bubbles" in 1886, which was used to advertise Pears soap.
Arthur Boyd was Australian.
Portugal.
The answer is the RT (Routemaster Twin) bus, but more specifically the successor to it, which is often mentioned in this context: the RT was replaced by the RM model, later also known as Routemaster.
The Greek island of Corfu, which is also known as Kerkira or Kerkyra in Greek, calls itself "Kerkyra" in English translation.
Theodore Roosevelt and Barack Obama were both awarded the Nobel Peace Prize, but not during their respective terms of office.  However, the correct answer is:  Barack Obama (2016), for his efforts to strengthen international diplomacy and cooperation between nations.  ( Jimmy Carter was also awarded in 2002, after serving as President from 1977-1981.)
The Supremes.
Michael Caine's autobiography is indeed titled "What's It All About?"
There is no record of Winston Churchill replacing Elizabeth Fry in 2016. Elizabeth Fry passed away on October 12, 1845, and Winston Churchill was born on November 30, 1874. It seems there may be some historical confusion or misinformation in this question.  However, it's worth noting that Elizabeth Fry was a British social reformer who was featured on the £10 note from 2000 to 2013. Winston Churchill replaced her on the £5 note in 2016, not the other way around.
The number is "4".
The former name of the Willis Tower in Chicago, USA is the Sears Tower.
Law.
Rocky Marciano (1952-1956) is the only World Heavyweight Boxing champion to retire undefeated, with a record of 49-0.
I'm not aware of a well-known cricketer by the nickname "Big Bird". It's possible that it could be a lesser-known or regional player, or perhaps it's a colloquialism used by fans. If you have more context or information about this nickname, I'd be happy to try and help further!
Signatures or signals of intelligent life in space.
The football team you're referring to is Espanyol, not a team from Barcelona (Barcelona has two main teams: FC Barcelona and RCD Espanyol).   Espanyol played at the Olympic Stadium until 2009 when they moved to the RCDE Stadium (not Estardi Cornella-El Prat) in Cornellà-El Prat.
Vienna, Austria.
The mouth. Specifically, it refers to the mucous membranes inside the mouth, including the gums, tongue, and lips.
The 1 wood is typically used for longer shots and has more loft than a 5 wood, which means it will fly higher but not as far. Therefore, the 1 wood would be used to hit the ball the farthest.
The Monkees (from the 1960s TV show) is not correct, but I think I know where this is going...  It's the Powerpuff Girls!
Edward II of England.
The film is "Shutter Island".
The answer is Tityos. However, I'm not certain if he was specifically given donkey ears by Apollo or just ridiculed for his preference.  A more likely candidate is Midas, but he wasn't given donkey ears. A more fitting answer would be Kerenops, however, I couldn't verify this information.  A more famous story involving someone being ridiculed by Apollo is that of Marsyas.
Alan Wilder, Vince Clarke, and later Martin Gore's partner, Vince's replacement in Depeche Mode: it is actually Alan Wilder and Vince Clarke (initially) however after leaving Depeche Mode to form Recoil, another key member was also Andy Bell's predecessor: the answer is actually Vince Clarke.
The international registration letter "L" is used by vehicles from Luxembourg.
Buddy Holly.
The cathedral was designed by Basil Spence, a British architect. The design was influenced by the city's medieval past and its modernist architectural style.
Truck drivers and warehouse workers, along with other transportation and logistics industry employees, make up a significant portion of the Teamsters Union membership in the USA. However, according to the Teamsters Union's own data, the largest groups are:  * Truck drivers (over 300,000 members) * Warehouse workers (over 120,000 members)  These numbers are subject to change and may have evolved since the last public update.
Bliss.
The name you're looking for is a leech. Leeches are sometimes used in medical procedures, such as reattaching severed limbs or removing dead tissue, to help restore blood flow and promote healing.
In Hindu mythology, the goddess of destruction, and the wife of Shiva (also known as Siva), is Kali or Parvati's fierce form. However, more specifically, it is usually Durga or Kali who represents the feminine aspects of the divine feminine in her role as destroyer.
The Delaware River.
Muhammad is often reported to be the most common first name in the world, given its prevalence among Muslims globally.
Macclesfield, but I think it's actually Northwich that has "Sal est vita" on its coat of arms.
I couldn't find any specific information about a golf course named "Wentworth Golf Course". However, I did find that there is a famous golf course called "The West Course at Wentworth" located in Surrey, England. If you meant this one, it's found in the county of Surrey.
About 5500°C (9800°F).
Soil.
Captain Mainwaring's first name in the TV series "Dad's Army" is Claude.
Alawites, a Shia Muslim sect.
The Boxer Rebellion.
Sauce Bigarade is typically served with duck.
The Solomon Islands group.
Burma (now Myanmar) fits this description, being bordered by Pakistan (not directly, but via Bangladesh), India, Tibet, China, French Indo-China (Vietnam, Laos, Cambodia), and Siam (Thailand).
Tango.
Bewitched
Jerzy Buzek
The national flower of Barbados, known as the "Nelson's Pride" or more commonly as the "Flycatcher", does not appear on the flag.   A trident is actually on the flag of Barbados.
John Lennon was 40 years old when he was assassinated on December 8, 1980.
'Lovejoy'.
Phil Mickelson.
The official hymn of the United States Marine Corps is "The Marines' Hymn", also known as "From the Halls of Montezuma".
The Mohs scale measures the scratch resistance of minerals, ranking them from softest (1) to hardest (10), with 10 being the most resistant to scratching. It was developed by Friedrich Mohs in 1812.
Tin (Sn).
Chile.
Reno, Nevada, a nickname due to its small size and big-city amenities.
Rudyard Kipling, in his poem "The Female of the Species" (1911).
Gresham's Law, named after Sir Thomas Gresham, an English merchant and economist who first identified this principle in the 16th century.
Hamlet.
A sword!
The UK band involved in a US court case over subliminal messages in the 80s is The Kinks, but more specifically it's the song "Lola" and the American publisher Judith Shapiro of the album.
The line "I am here at the gate alone" is from the poem "The Lady of Shalott". It is spoken by The Lady of Shalott herself.
The mother craft of Philae is Rosetta.
Evander Holyfield.
Roald Amundsen was the Norwegian explorer who completed the first successful navigation of the Northwest Passage, sailing through the Bering Strait and around northern Canada in 1903-1906 (not just 1906). His expedition passed through the Bering Strait from west to east.
Thyme is not typically used, but rather celery salt and herbs like thyme's cousin, bay leaves, are not commonly found. However, one key herb that is often included in traditional New England clam chowder recipes is parsley.
Fire Extinguishers.
The Isle of Man.
Alaska, also known as "The Last Frontier", is the U.S. state with the forget-me-not as its official state flower.
Serfdom, which had been a system of bondage where peasants were tied to the land and forced to work against their will. The Emancipation Reform of 1861, decreed by Tsar Alexander II, officially abolished serfdom in Russia.
