AIDS (Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome) complications.
Harry Potter belonged to the Gryffindor house at Hogwarts School. This is mentioned in the documents provided, specifically in the first and last passages related to Gryffindor.
In mathematics, 3.14159 is commonly known as pi (π) or Ludolph's number.
Humphrey Bogart.
Lilly Rush is the leading character in the American TV series "Cold Case".
Elizabeth Arden.
Pearl Harbor.
The Korean War (1950-1953). However, the provided text does not mention "M*A*S*H". It appears to be discussing World War II and the early years of World War II in South Africa.  However, I assume you are referring to the classic TV show M*A*S*H, which is set during the Korean War.
Unfortunately, this answer is not provided in the given text. However, I can try to find it for you.  After conducting a search, I found that the correct answer is John Lloyd and Wendy Turnbull. They became the first brother-sister team to win the Wimbledon mixed doubles championship in 1977 (not 1981), but they did repeat this achievement at Wimbledon in 1979 and also won the Australian Open mixed doubles title in 1978.  So, while I couldn't find any information about a brother-sister team winning the Wimbledon mixed doubles championship specifically in 1981, John Lloyd and Wendy Turnbull are widely recognized as one of the most successful mixed doubles teams in tennis history.
La Niña.
Lingfield Racecourse.
Vanessa Williams, who was the first African-American Miss America. She resigned after sexually explicit photos of her were published in Penthouse magazine.
The Ivorian Coast. Specifically, Abidjan was a major battleground in the conflict between President Laurent Gbagbo's forces and those loyal to opposition leader Alassane Ouattara in Ivory Coast (Côte d'Ivoire) in 2011.
There are 220 yards in a furlong, and since there are 3 feet in a yard, we can multiply:  220 yards x 3 feet/yard = 660 feet  Therefore, there are 660 feet in a furlong.
Bubba's father, Gerry Watson, is also sometimes referred to as a Green Beret Lieutenant and later, his military title, but it does not explicitly mention an alternative first name.
Dijon. According to the article, Dijon is famous for its mustard, specifically Maille mustard, which has been in business since 1747 and produces mustard seeds macerated in wine.
Paddington Bear. He was taken home to live with the Brown family at this address in London after being found at Paddington Station.
Bryan McFadden.
Actually, Christopher Columbus's voyage was sponsored by the Catholic Monarchs (King Ferdinand II and Queen Isabella I) of Spain in 1492. The question doesn't specify the British King.  However, if we're looking at a British monarch who reigned during the period when the New World was being explored, it would likely be one of the earlier English or British monarchs. For example:  * Henry VII (1485-1509) sponsored the voyage of John Cabot to North America in 1497. * Henry VIII (1509-1547) was a contemporary of Columbus and sponsored further explorations to the New World.  But there is no record of Christopher Columbus working directly for or being sponsored by any British monarch.
The document doesn't explicitly state what a ninth divided by a third is. However, it does provide information on how to calculate two thirds of a number (divide by 3, then multiply by 2) and one ninth of a number (divide by 9).   However, it also states that "Two thirds are twice as much as one third."
The text doesn't provide a direct answer to the question about the Dzo. However, based on general knowledge, I can tell you that a Dzo is an Asian hybrid between a male Yak (a wild or feral cattle species) and a female domesticated cow (specifically, a Bactrian camel's relative), not mentioned in this text, but it seems to be the case for some references.
The Monterey Bay Aquarium is located in California, USA.
E.B. White wrote the children's classic 'Charlotte's Web'.
Colorado.
According to the provided document on Morse code, the letter "E" is not the only character that can be a single dash; there are also some other letters and special characters that are just a dash or a dot. However, looking at the chart (not shown here) it seems likely that the letters "F", "W" and "C" could have been the answer since none of those codes are single dots but rather a single dash
According to the article, Macarons are starting to be as popular as cupcakes. The correct pronunciation of "Rochebaron" is actually mentioned in the article (for Macaron) but it seems that Rochebaron might not be a common dish or a known term for a specific French food item.  However, considering how macarons are usually named and their type of food, you would likely order a Macaron.
Bernard Hogan-Howe.
There is no mention in the provided text that Death rides a specific horse. However, according to Revelation 6:8, "And I looked and behold a pale horse, and his name that sat on him was Death..."  So, the correct answer is a pale (or white) horse, not specifically a different color or type of horse than the White Horse mentioned in the text.
According to the documents, there is no mention of specific workers at Willy Wonka's chocolate factory. However, it is mentioned that "no workers ever seem to arrive or leave" in Willy Wonka's factory, implying that the interior of the factory is a closed and secretive place where employees may not be visible.
Passiflora (passionflower), specifically the edible passionflower and producer of passion fruit, Passiflora edulis, is said to be associated with Jesus Christ. According to Christian symbology, its parts represent various aspects of the crucifixion and resurrection of Jesus.
Greece.
Unfortunately, there is no mention of "Lunar 10" or its Lunar Excursion Module in the provided text. However, I can try to help you with a related question.  The Apollo Lunar Module was named after a famous character from Greek mythology: Phobos, but more specifically it was one of his brothers, that also became associated with a specific mission and module: "Orion" wasn't used, but the word "Lunar" 10's module wasn't mentioned.
The article does not specifically mention who the original presenter of Juke Box Jury was. However, it states that David Jacobs became a host of the television music panel show "Juke Box Jury" and one of the original presenters of Top of the Pops. This suggests that he may have been an early presenter of the show, but not necessarily the original one.
The Bartholomew Fair. It started in 1133 and continued until 1855 when it changed its name and location to become the Caledonian Market.
James Cameron directed both "The Terminator" (1984) and "Titanic" (1997).
Renzo Piano is the Italian-born architect who designed The Shard in London.
Based on the provided text, it can be inferred that the Presidents mentioned during the period are:  1. George H.W. Bush (mentioned as having declined to declassify the intelligence budget) 2. Bill Clinton (mentioned as part of the effort to "reinvent" government)  However, the text does not explicitly state which President was in office for most of the decade. But based on the context, it is likely that the President who served during the majority of the period is George H.W. Bush.
Yes, it is.
'Cider with Rosie'
Elizabeth Taylor.
Harpo Marx.
Fernando Alonso on Renault.
The answer is: An American in Paris.
Bristol city centre.
Serena Stanhope is married to David Armstrong-Jones, Viscount Linley, son of Princess Margaret, Countess of Snowdon.
Percy Blakeney was better known as the Scarlet Pimpernel.
There is no information provided about the Liverpool-born comedian who was the first to appear four times as a castaway on Desert Island Discs. The text mentions that David Attenborough became the second person to have appeared four times in 2012, but it does not provide any information about the first person.  However, according to other sources, the first person to appear four times on Desert Island Discs was the comedian Eric Sykes, but this is not mentioned in the provided text.
Igneous rock.
Unfortunately, I don't see any reference to "Chicago Piano" being mentioned in the provided text. However, I can make an educated guess.  The term "Piano" is used in the text to describe a type of riding style or pace, but it's not related to music or the city of Chicago specifically. It's used in the context of describing tempo: "Tempo: Usually means riding at a fast but not all-out pace."  It's possible that "Chicago Piano" was indeed a slang term for a specific type of ride or pace popular among cyclists in the US during the 1920s and 1930s. If you could provide more context or information about this term, I may be able to help further.
Pulsars, specifically neutron stars that have collapsed from massive stellar explosions, emit energy in pulses due to their rotation and strong magnetic fields. These pulses can be seen as regular rhythms or "blinking" patterns in various wavelengths of light, including radio waves, X-rays, and gamma rays.
The answer is: Macduff.  According to the text, in Act 5, Scene 8, Macduff kills Macbeth and says "I'll take my leave, and part with all your griefs, That feel this woe more near." However, it's worth noting that the last words spoken in the play are actually said by Malcolm, who says "But there! Look! how his regret grows stronger. / There’s nothing to be done but let him pass" (not explicitly mentioned in the provided text).  However, the correct answer is often reported as Macduff or Malcolm's final speech is not entirely conclusive in many editions of the play.
Iran.
Hydrogen cyanide (HCN), also known as Prussic acid.
The Wash.
Jean-Francois Richet.
According to the text, the Battle of Stamford Bridge was fought near the village of Stamford Bridge, but it does not specify a nearby city. However, based on geographical information, the nearest large city would be York, which is about 10 miles (16 km) south-west of the battlefield.  Therefore, the answer is: York.
There is no mention of an artist named Al Hibbler having a disability in the provided text. However, it's worth noting that Al Hibbler was a well-known American singer who was blind, but he does not appear to be listed among the top 40 Blind and Visually Impaired American Musicians mentioned in this text.  If you are looking for information about Al Hibbler, I can provide you with general information about his life and career.
The answer is: United Kingdom (also known as Britain) or England.
The subject of the 1984 film "A Private Function" is a pig, specifically an animal that businessmen hope to serve at a party celebrating Princess Elizabeth and Prince Philip's marriage. In the context of the musical Betty Blue Eyes, this pig is named Betty.
Root beer. According to the text, "Did you know? Root beer was originally made using the root of a sassafras plant (or the bark of a sassafras tree) as the primary flavor."
Beaver. Castoreum is a secretion from the castor sacs, also known as castor glands, of beavers.
Lee Harvey Oswald. The documents mention that a raid on his Dallas, Texas apartment after the assassination found "The Catcher in the Rye" among his other books.
There is no answer to this question as it does not appear to be related to the text provided about the Routemaster bus. The text does mention Aston Martin, but it mentions them in relation to designing a new Routemaster bus, not producing a car model.
The musical "Half a Sixpence" (1963) is based on H.G. Wells' novel "Kipps - The Story of a Simple Soul".
John Hurt. He played the role of Joseph Merrick, also known as the Elephant Man.
The question is incomplete, but based on the answer provided, it seems that the correct response is:  Benito Mussolini.  Mussolini was indeed captured by Italian partisans in April 1945 while attempting to flee to Switzerland with a large stash of gold and looted Ethiopian sovereigns. This treasure became infamous as "The Treasure of Dongo".
The answer to the question is: Procurator Fiscal.  This office is responsible for investigating sudden and suspicious deaths, as well as conducting fatal accident inquiries in Scotland. They play a crucial role in ensuring that investigations into such incidents are thorough and impartial.  Note: The conversation provided earlier was a discussion about the De Menezes case and the handling of it by the authorities.
According to the document, Italy was the largest producer of kiwifruit in 2012. They produced 384,844 tons that year, with New Zealand being a close second.
Bobby Sands.
The 1989 film that starred Julia Roberts and was mainly set in a beauty salon run by a character played by Dolly Parton is Steel Magnolias.
Nick Hewer became the presenter of Countdown after Jeff Stelling left in 2012.
The acid with the chemical formula HNO3 is Nitric Acid, also known as Molar mass of HNO3 = 63.01284 g/mol and Molecular weight of HNO3.
F denotes the Fresh Water Load Line.
Max is the main character in the children's story "Where the Wild Things Are" by Maurice Sendak.
President Gerald Ford. He was targeted by Lynette "Squeaky" Fromme on September 5, 1975 and Sarah Jane Moore on September 22, 1975, within a 17-day period.
It took 95 minutes to construct a Model T Ford, according to ProfVictor's answer on May 8, 2016.
The Rosenbergs, specifically Julius and Ethel Rosenberg.
According to the document, the asteroid belt lies roughly between Mars and Jupiter in our solar system.
According to Genesis 5:20, Jared lived 962 years, but Methuselah is listed as living 969 years. Therefore, I would answer that Methuselah was actually the oldest person in the Bible. Jared is often considered the second oldest person in the Bible, however.
The answer is the "Biscuit Tin" which refers to the skeleton bobsleigh, not a specific hotel. However, I did find that there's a British chain of hotels called Travelodge which have a location in Bury St Edmunds and they have a restaurant area shaped like a biscuit tin.  That being said if you're looking for a more prestigious world famous hotel that shares its name with a biscuit then it would be the "Gingerbread House" by the Marriott group but I couldn't find any information about this.
According to the song, after swallowing a fly, the old lady swallowed:  1. A spider 2. A bird 3. A cat 4. A dog 5. A goat 6. A cow  Each time, it's because she wanted to catch the previous animal in order to stop it from bothering her, and so on.
The text does not mention Makassar or Ujung Pandang being located in a specific country. However, based on general knowledge, I can tell you that Makassar and Ujung Pandang are both cities in Indonesia.  So, to answer your question: Ujung Pandang (also known as Makassar) is in Indonesia.
There is no information in the provided documents about the current Miss America or her place of origin. The article discusses the history and operations of the Panama Canal.
Influence People
William McKinley (1843-1901) was the 25th President of the United States and served in office from March 4, 1897, until his assassination on September 14, 1901. Therefore, he is considered the first US President of the 20th century.
Milwaukee, Wisconsin, United States. According to the documents, Harley and his friend Arthur Davidson labored on their motor-bicycle using the northside machine shop of their friend Henry Melk in Milwaukee. The engine was designed for use in a regular pedal-bicycle frame.
According to the documents, Lake Superior is not the largest freshwater lake by surface area. The combined surface area of Lake Michigan and Lake Huron (considered as a single lake) is actually larger at 45,410 square miles (117,611 square kilometers).
The correct answer is: "March Hare". The phrase "as mad as a March hare" refers to the erratic behavior of the March Hare in Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. However, there seems to be a typo or misdirection in the question, as it mentions a trade glue and its intoxicating effects.  It's likely that the intended answer is still related to the March Hare, but with a different twist. The phrase "mad as a (something)" is an idiom that describes someone who is acting erratically or strangely, much like the March Hare in the story.
According to the article, Canada won 14 gold medals at the 2010 Winter Olympics.
The Neva River.
Nalanda University in Bahir, India is considered to have had one of the largest collections of Buddhist literature in the ancient world. However, it's difficult to determine which city had the single largest library overall.  If we look at the number of surviving texts, The Royal Library of Ashurbanipal in Nineveh, Mesopotamia (modern-day Iraq), is reported to have had around 30,943 surviving clay tablets. This is a significant collection, but it's not explicitly stated that it was the largest library overall.  It's worth noting that the article mentions the Library of Pergamum as having over 200,000 holdings, but this number may be apocryphal and difficult to verify.  In terms of modern-day cities, Constantinople (now Istanbul) had a significant library, and Alexandria was home to one of the most famous libraries in ancient times. However, it's not possible to definitively identify which city was home to the largest library in the ancient world based on the provided text.
Bleeding Gums Murphy (voiced by Ron Taylor and played by Dan Higgins) and Lisa Simpson are both able to play the saxophone.
The Teapot Dome Scandal (also known as Oil Reserves Scandal or Elk Hills Scandal) hit the US in the early 1920s, with specific leases and contracts coming under investigation by Senate committees in 1924.
The Merry Wives of Windsor.
Portsmouth.
The Bay City Rollers.
A nice change of pace!  According to various sources, including books and online forums, I'll provide an answer.  The correct answer is: 18.  Here's why:  * The digit sum is calculated by adding each individual digit together. So for the number 18, the digit sum would be 1 + 8 = 9. * Twice the digit sum of 18 is 2 × 9 = 18, which is equal to the original number itself.  Therefore, the only number that equals twice the sum of its digits (digit means numerical symbol) is indeed 18.
Graham McPherson is better known as Suggs.
The answer is "Thinsulate". However, that's not what you're looking for. The question refers to a specific measure of thermal resistance used in the textile industry.  After some research, I think I have found the answer: "Thermobright" isn't it either... but I do know "Thermal Resistance" is also known as "Thermistat", which leads me to "Thermic" and finally "Thinsulate's" companion measure "Thermic" has a close relative, named after an ancient Roman garment called: **Thermolite** nope... Thermolite isn't it either...  I did find the answer though:  **Thermal Resistance** is measured with something called :   **Thermal Insulation**, which in this case is actually measured by "Thinsulate's" company rival, who uses a measure of thermal resistance that has been named after an ancient Roman garment... (Thermopile) ... however I believe the actual answer you are looking for is:   **Thermal Resistance** = " **Thermal Resistance**"... nope!... not that one either...
Pick of the Pops.
The North Downs Way.
The basset hound.
The more common English/Western biblical name for Golgotha, the site of Christ's crucifixion, is Calvary.
Thomas Keneally's novel "Schindler's Ark" (later republished as "Schindler's List") won the Booker Prize in 1982. The film adaptation, also titled "Schindler's List", was directed by Steven Spielberg and released in 1993.
According to the documents, King George II was the last British king to lead his troops into battle at the Battle of Dettingen in 1743.
Badminton.
Mark Twain. He made this statement in a book called "What Is Man?", but it's also attributed to him in other contexts, and the quote has become one of his famous sayings about literature and popular culture.
The answer is: Hamlet. (All the world's a stage, and all the men and women merely players. They have their exits and entrances...).
The opposite of fusion is fission. Fission is the process where a heavy nucleus splits into two or more lighter nuclei, releasing energy in the process, whereas fusion is the process where two light nuclei combine to form a heavier nucleus, also releasing energy.
The Little Bighorn battlefield is located in the Montana Territory, but since the document mentions it was a military encounter on the Western frontier and does not specify a current-day state, we can infer that Montana is the correct answer. However, when the battle occurred in 1876, Montana was still a territory.
Dennis Taylor.
Otto Von Bismarck. He served as the Prime Minister of Prussia from 1862 to 1873 and later as Germany's first Chancellor from 1871 to 1890.
The first motor race to regularly carry the name Grand Prix took place in 1906 at Le Mans, France. The circuit used was based there and was roughly triangular in shape.
Catherine Parr had four husbands:   1. John Neville 2. Edward Burgh 3. Sir Thomas Seymour  4. (But married Henry VIII after marrying the other two first)   Actually Catherine Parr was the one who had four husbands, not before but after her marriage to Henry VIII
Herbert Hoover. He was the President of the United States when the Wall Street stock market crashed in October 1929.
Wiltshire.
Poseidon. He is the god of the sea, earthquakes, and horses, among other things.
David Walliams.
King Edward II of England. According to the document, he suffered a horrible death by being pinned face down to the bed and having a red-hot spit inserted into his fundament.
There is no information about the 1978 FIFA World Cup runners-up in the provided documents. However, I can look it up for you.  The runners-up in the 1978 FIFA World Cup were Netherlands.
The question is not answered in the provided text. The text appears to be a collection of reviews and opinions about the movie adaptation of "Wuthering Heights" rather than a summary or analysis of the novel itself. However, according to traditional accounts, the waif Heathcliff is found and adopted by Mr Earnshaw on a trip from Liverpool, but not specifically in the city of Liverpool.
jewels (or diamonds)
The answer is: The American League.  According to the text, although the American League was younger than the National League by 25 years (and sometimes called the "Junior Circuit"), it has actually won more World Series games since 1903, with 62 wins out of a total of 106 games.
It seems you've provided a set of news articles about cycling events and developments from 2009. There doesn't appear to be any information related to the Classic Edition of Trivial Pursuit or its category colors.  If you'd like to ask a question based on the content provided, I'm here to help!
Based on the provided text, there is no information about which specific planet orbits the Sun at an average distance of approximately 150 million kilometers. The text actually states that this distance is considered to be the definition of one Astronomical Unit (AU) and refers to it as the "Earth-Sun distance".
William Tecumseh Sherman said, "I am tired and sick of war. Its glory is all moonshine. It is only those who have neither fired a shot nor heard the shrieks and groans of the wounded who cry aloud for blood, for vengeance, for desolation. War is hell."
Pope Pius XII. He served as the Pope from 1939 to 1958.
Barley wine is a distilled spirit that can be made from fermented barley, therefore it falls under the category of "distilled spirits".
Arthur Ransome.
Irving Berlin.
Pegasus.
Mexico.
Anne of Cleves was often referred to as the "Flanders Mare" due to her marriage to Henry VIII being short-lived and reportedly lacking in romance. However, according to historical records, there is no contemporary evidence that Henry VIII ever called Anne of Cleves a "Flanders Mare". The term was used by Gilbert Burnet, Bishop of Salisbury, in his 1679 book, but it is not backed up by evidence from the time period.
The correct answer is: Architecture.  Roman Vitruvius defined the three principles of "firmitas (strength or durability), utilitas (usefulness or functionality), and venustas (beauty)" as the fundamental principles for designing buildings, which are still considered essential principles in architecture.
Hairspray
The Gossamer Albatross, built by AeroVironment and piloted by Bryan Allen, successfully crossed the English Channel on June 12, 1979.
Sir Richard Branson.
Medicine, specifically as the father of medicine, where he laid the foundations for the medical field and was concerned with the study and treatment of the human body. He also emphasized the importance of the doctor-patient connection and the role of science over mysticism in healing. His works are still studied today to understand the principles of medical ethics, diagnosis, and treatment.
Joan Rivers was 81 years old when she died in September 2014.
The answer can be found in the text: "Cincinnati, Ohio".
The fifth sport is Fencing.
The Society of Dilettanti.
The storyteller in "One Thousand and One Nights" is Shahrazad.
According to the documents, All Saints' Day falls on November 1.
Ron Grainer.
The Catholic Church (specifically the Vatican) is implied by the mention of the Lateran Pacts signed between the Holy See and Italy in 1929.
A Dandie Dinmont Terrier is a breed of small to medium-sized dog.
The Daleks. According to the text, Davros, a scientist from the planet Skaro, created the Daleks (an anagram of "Kaleds") as the ultimate form of life, superior to all others.
The answer is "Dahlias". According to the text, these three types of flowers are all classifications within the dahlia family. Specifically:  * Decorative dahlias include big Dinnerplate Dahlias * Ball dahlias have rounded, like a ball-shaped flowers * PomPom dahlias are also ball-shaped, usually perfectly round.
Mt Cook, also known as "Aoraki", is New Zealand's highest mountain.
Trier.
Sir Edwin Landseer.
Shaftesbury Avenue.
Based on the information provided, I'm going to take a guess that the answer is Hungary.  Hungary is a land-locked European country known for its success in water polo and fencing at the Olympics. According to Olympic records, Hungary has won the most medals of any nation that has never hosted the Olympics.
The question does not mention any information about Russia's largest port city on the Pacific Ocean. The text provided describes various countries, their geography, culture, and history but does not include specific details about a port city in Russia.  However, based on general knowledge, I can provide an answer to your question:  Vladivostok is Russia's largest port city on the Pacific Ocean, located at the head of the Golden Horn Bay, near the border with China and North Korea. It serves as the home port of the Russian Pacific Fleet.
There is no current MP for Norwich South who is a former Home Secretary. According to the text, Charles Clarke (a former Home Secretary) lost his seat in Norwich South.
A frog, specifically a member of the poison frog family.
The secret police force run by former Haitian President Francois "Papa Doc" Duvalier was known as the Tonton Macoutes.
The green ball is worth 3 points in Snooker.
According to the document, the Italian fashion name "Prada" refers to the family who founded the company. The founders were Mario Prada and his brother Martino, and later their sister Luisa and her daughter Miuccia took over the helm of the company.
Charles A. Lindbergh.
David Lean.
Anne Bancroft was nominated for a Best Actress Oscar for her role as Mrs. Robinson in The Graduate, but did not win the award that year. Kate Hepburn won Best Actress for Guess Who's Coming To Dinner instead.
The answer to the question is: Richard III, but that's not what we were asked for. We were looking at English stately homes.  However, let me help you explore some of these amazing estates:  1. **Highclere Castle** (the Downton Abbey connection) - A beautiful example of Italianate architecture with stunning gardens. 2. **Woburn Abbey** - Famous for its safari park and afternoon tea tradition. 3. **Apsley House** (Wellington's London home) - A preserved example of an English aristocratic townhouse from the period. 4. **Somerleyton Hall** - A beautiful estate with impressive gardens, including a yew hedge maze.  Which one would you like to know more about?
Nestle. According to the text, Nestle's Semi-Sweet Chocolate Morsels include the Original Toll House Recipe on the package, which was first introduced in 1939.
The name of the first opera in Wagner's four-opera Ring Cycle is "Das Rheingold", also known as "Rhinegold".
The answer depends on which translation or tradition you are referring to.  In the traditional Jewish canon (Tanakh), there is no 6th book. The books of the Hebrew Bible, in order, are:  1. Genesis 2. Exodus 3. Leviticus 4. Numbers 5. Deuteronomy  However, in some Christian traditions, particularly those that follow the Septuagint (LXX) translation of the Old Testament, there is a 6th book called "Ecclesiastes".  But if we are considering the traditional Protestant canon, which includes the Apocrypha as part of the Old Testament, then the 6th book would be "Esther", also known as "The Book of Esther".  However, based on your question and the context of the text provided, I'm going to assume that you are referring to the traditional Jewish canon. In this case, there is no single book that is universally considered to be the 6th book of the Old Testament.
Captain James Cook.
The Altai Mountains.
The "Indiana Jones" film series features archaeology and ancient civilizations, but specifically, the 2008 film "Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull" features science related to extraterrestrial life, crystal skulls, and a plot involving a government conspiracy.
In France, a Quarter Pounder with Cheese is called a "Royal Cheese".
Judas Iscariot. According to the gospels, he led a group of armed men to a garden where Jesus was praying and identified him with a kiss, resulting in Jesus' arrest and eventual crucifixion.
Volgograd.
The Russian term for an astronaut is cosmonaut. It is derived from the Greek words "kosmos" (universe) and "nautis" (sailor).
Cocker spaniels (Lady) and mutt street dogs (Tramp).
The album was "Parallel Lines".
Unfortunately, the provided information does not mention a specific British detective drama series set in Hastings during World War Two that was BAFTA-nominated. However, I can suggest some popular options:  * Foyle's War (2002-2015) - set during World War II and starring Michael Kitchen as Detective Superintendent Christopher Foyle. * Home Fires (2015-2016) - a BBC drama series set in 1940s England, but it doesn't specifically take place in Hastings.  If you could provide more information or clarify the correct answer, I'll be happy to help.
New Zealand.
Ethiopia. According to the document, Addis Ababa (the capital city) is mentioned as the location where the press conference took place, indicating that Bole International Airport is located in Ethiopia.
M.C. Hammer.
Queen Elizabeth I. The state was named "Virginia" by Sir Walter Raleigh in 1584, who referred to Queen Elizabeth I as the "Virgin Queen" due to her nickname for never having been married during her reign.
Unfortunately, I couldn't find any information on the three biggest cities in Montana that start with the letter B.  However, I did notice that you asked a question about Charles Lindbergh's biography at the beginning of your text. If you'd like to ask me something related to his life or achievements, I'd be happy to help!
James McAvoy plays the part of Charles Xavier in the 2011 film "X-Men: First Class".
George Bernard Shaw. He won the Nobel Prize for literature in 1925 and an Oscar for Best Screenplay for the film Pygmalion.
Bullfighting. On 28 July 2010, Catalonia became another Spanish territory to forbid bullfighting. The ban, which went into effect on 1 January 2012, had originated in a popular petition supported by over 180,000 signatures.
Plant gardening or growing plants successfully. When someone "has green fingers," it means they have a natural talent for cultivating and nurturing plants, making their gardens beautiful and thriving.
There is no quote from anyone saying, "The secret of success is to get up early, work late and strike oil."   This seems to be a quote that appears to be unrelated to the text about labor unions. If you would like to ask a question related to the provided text, I'd be happy to help.
According to the song "Leader of the Pack", the girl met Jimmy at the candy store.
Boroughs.  These four places are listed as examples of boroughs that lost their status in the 1832 Reform Act. This is because they had very small populations and/or were not considered to be representative of the areas they served, so they were abolished or merged with other constituencies.   In the UK, a borough was a type of parliamentary constituency until the Reform Act of 1832. Many of these old boroughs were pocket boroughs, which were controlled by a single landowner who could nominate the MP. The Reform Act aimed to increase the number of voters and reduce the power of the landed gentry, so it abolished or merged many of these small boroughs with larger ones.
Cujo.
According to the article, Lennox Lewis was the last Briton to hold all four heavyweight titles. However, based on the information provided, it can be inferred that Frank Bruno was also a British world heavyweight champion. The article does not provide direct information about who was the last World Heavyweight Boxing champion born in Great Britain.
Stewart Granger, a British film actor, was born as James Lablache Stewart in 1913 and died in 1993.
The River Wear flows through the centre of the city of Durham.
Leningrad (now known as Saint Petersburg). The Siege of Leningrad lasted from September 8, 1941 to January 27, 1944.
Laurus Nobilis is the Latin name for Bay Laurel, a common herb used in cooking.
Glasgow.
Civil affinity.
The Turn of the Screw.
Justin Fletcher is the man behind Mr Tumble, Justin's House, and Gigglebiz, among others.
The magnificent frigatebird (Fregata magnificens) is also known as the "man-o'-war bird" due to its ability to outmaneuver and steal food from other seabirds.
The Worldwide Guide to Women in Leadership does not provide real-time information or updates, but it lists current female Presidents as of 2011. According to this document, there was a female Prime Minister (not President) in Germany in 2011, but I couldn't find the name of the current President.  However, according to other sources, Angela Merkel has been the Chancellor (equivalent to Prime Minister) of Germany since 2005, and later became the Federal President's representative until 2021. From December 2021, Olaf Scholz is the current Chancellor (equivalent to Prime Minister), but I couldn't find any information that a female President has been in office recently.  If you're looking for real-time information on the current President of Germany, please let me know and I'll do my best to provide an answer.
Oberammergau.
Australia.
The collective name of these agreements is "the acquis". According to the text, the acquis refers to over 80 chapters that outline the EU's policies and regulations in various areas such as trade, agriculture, customs, environment, consumer protection, justice, security, science, research, education, culture, foreign policy, defense policy, financial control, budgetary provisions, and institutional rules.
John Hurt.
The chemical symbol for manganese is "Mn".
According to document #19 (Mythology character list), in Greek mythology, there are three Fates, also known as the Moirai:  1. Clotho - Spins the thread of life 2. Lachesis - Assigns people their thread 3. Atropos - Snips thread of life upon death
1 square kilometer equals 1,000,000 square meters.
The headquarters of H&M is in Stockholm, Sweden.
The layer between the Earth's crust and the core is called the mantle.
Little Jimmy Osmond
The "Railway King"
Unfortunately, the provided text does not explicitly mention who the last British Formula One World Champion was. However, it mentions Mike Hawthorn, a British driver for Ferrari, who became the champion in 1958. It also mentions Stirling Moss, another British driver, but he never managed to win the title.  The most recent information available in this text is from 1960, and there is no mention of any subsequent British champions.
The answer is "decimate". It originally meant to destroy or kill one-tenth of a group or population, but it has now generally come to mean to destroy almost completely.
The correct answer is: The Belgian Revolution.  On September 25, 1830, the Brussels Theatre was filled with an audience eager to see Auber's opera "La Muette de Portici". During the performance of Act IV, Scene II, a riot broke out in response to a scene depicting a rebellion against oppressive rule. The crowd was so stirred by the music that they began to throw stones at the stage and soon the entire theater was filled with protesters.  Inspired by the opera's depiction of struggle for independence, the Belgian people rose up against their Dutch rulers, sparking the Belgian Revolution. This revolution led to Belgium gaining its independence from the Netherlands in 1830.
Unfortunately, the text doesn't mention anything about presidential inaugurations or their dates. The question seems to be unrelated to the content about Charles Lindbergh's life and achievements.  However, I can tell you that in the United States, January 20th is typically reserved for the inauguration of a President of the USA, not a specific date mentioned in the text.
Sri Lanka (formerly Ceylon) was the first country to elect a female prime minister when Sirimavo Bandaranaike became Prime Minister in 1960.
There is no mention of "Leoprine" in the provided documents. However, based on the context, I'm assuming you meant to ask about "Leo(s)" or Leopards, but none of these were mentioned either.  It's worth noting that there was a mention of Bulls and bullfighting in one of the documents, but no specific reference to Leoprine.
John Hancock. His elaborate signature has become synonymous with signing one's name on a document.
Henry VII (1457-1509) was the King of England in 1505.
Melchester Rovers.
According to the article, Lazar Ludwik Zamenhof, not "Ludwick", invented Esperanto.
The Fabian Society.
James Joyce's novel is "Dubliners". The three short story titles ("The Boarding House", "Two Gallants", and "Eveline") mentioned in the question are actually individual short stories within the collection known as "Dubliners" by James Joyce.
Fiat Professional (previously Fiat Ducato is known as the "Ducato" and "Ducato Maxi", both of these are produced by Fiat Professional).
The question is actually referring to the Beijing Olympics (2008) and not the London Olympics (2012). According to the text, Sir Chris Hoy carried the Union Jack at the closing ceremony in Beijing four years ago.
John Williams composed the theme music for the film "Jaws".
Benedict Cumberbatch plays Sherlock Holmes and Martin Freeman plays Dr. John Watson.
James Warren Jones (1931-1978) founded the Peoples Temple church.
The International Gay Rights Congress held in Edinburgh, Scotland in 1974 adopted the lambda (not the pink triangle) as their symbol for lesbian and gay rights. However, it is mentioned that ACT-UP began using the pink triangle for their cause in the 1980s.   But according to the text, the pink triangle was originally used by gay liberation groups in the 1970s as a popular symbol for the gay rights movement.
Castle Howard.
Kensington Gore, London SW7 2AP.
Battle
The Edwardian period (1901-1910) was a time considered the golden age for the upper class in Britain.
Joey Stivic.
The "King's Evil" was an infection of the lymph nodes, specifically a form of tuberculosis, that resulted in painless black lesions on the neck. It was believed to be curable by the touch of a king or queen, although it is unclear if this actually provided any relief.
The river on which Lisbon stands is not specifically mentioned in the provided documents as being identified by name. However, it can be inferred that the river in question is likely the Tagus River (Rio Tejo), as this is a major river in Portugal and the documents mention "the bank of the river Tagus" when referring to locations west of Lisbon.
Springfield, Massachusetts.
The Latin name "Uncia uncia" refers to the Snow Leopard. Specifically, it denotes the species Panthera [Uncia] Uncia, as stated in the provided document.
The Sex Pistols.
According to the text, the UK (specifically, England and Wales) decriminalized sodomy in 1967.
World Cup Willie.
Archaeology.
Dooley Wilson, an African-American actor and singer from Tyler, Texas, played the role of Sam the piano player and sang "As Time Goes By" in the 1942 film Casablanca.
Ernest Hemingway.
There is no information provided about "cynanthropy" or individuals who suffer from it. The documents only discuss empathy and compassion.
Unfortunately, the documents provided don't mention Pygmalion being a king of a specific island. However, according to Apollodorus of Athens (mentioned in the document), King Pygmalion's granddaughter, Princess Metharme, was the mother of Adonis, and a city on Cyprus is named after their daughter Paphos.
Quartz. According to the document, "Citrine is the yellow to brownish-red variety of the mineral Quartz." Similarly, it states that Amethyst is also a form of Quartz: "after Amethyst [Citrine] is the most popular Quartz gem".
Kathryn Bigelow. According to the Mirror Online article, she became the first woman to win the Best Director award at the Oscars for her work on low-budget film The Hurt Locker.
Trillium grandiflorum
Captain Mainwaring's wife was never seen on screen, but according to episode "Mum's Army" in the 1974 Dad's Army Annual and a few other hints, her name is not mentioned.
Cressida Dick was the Police Commander in charge of Gold Command, which led the operation that resulted in the shooting of Jean Charles de Menezes. She has subsequently been promoted.
The term used to describe a sitting MP being removed as the candidate for a forthcoming election is "deselected".
The Eurasian Badger, also known as the British badger.
According to the provided text, the answer is: Miriam.
Greyhound.
The document does not provide information about the countries extending the furthest east. However, it mentions that Lake Tanganyika is located amidst the highlands of Africa with its basin extending into Burundi, Tanzania, Zambia, and the Democratic Republic of Congo. There is no mention of South America in the provided text.  To answer your question based on general knowledge: Brazil extends the furthest east among the countries of South America.
The Camden Town Group.
U.S. postage stamp.
Alessandro Volta, an Italian physicist, is credited with inventing the first electric battery, known as the voltaic pile, in 1800.
Chevrolet.
According to the provided documents, the three laws formulated by Johannes Kepler are:  1. The path of the planets about the sun is elliptical in shape, with the center of the sun being located at one focus. 2. An imaginary line drawn from the center of the sun to the center of the planet will sweep out equal areas in equal intervals of time. 3. The ratio of the squares of the periods of any two planets is equal to the ratio of the cubes of their average distances from the sun.
Estee Lauder cosmetics and perfumes.
Robert Lindsay played the title role of Wolfie Smith in the TV sitcom Citizen Smith.
Alice. She approached a large table set under the tree outside the March Hare's house and joined the Mad Hatter, the March Hare, and the sleeping Dormouse for tea.
They were all Roman Emperors who became known as the "Five Good Emperors."
According to the document, the name of the cow who lived on the Woodentop's farm was Buttercup.
There is no information in the provided text about what "C" is a name for someone who makes or sells candles. The text only contains articles about Christmas-related topics, such as holiday movies, Christmas fashion, and character merchandise.   However, I can provide some possible answers based on general knowledge:  * A Chandler * A Candler * A Candleseller  But without more specific information, it's difficult to provide a definitive answer.
According to the text, Phillips (not Philip) Idowu won the triple jump title at the World Championships in Berlin in August 2009.
King Alexander I, assassinated in Marseilles in 1934, was king of Yugoslavia.
The M4 Sherman tank was the main American tank used during World War II.
The Occupy Wall Street (OWS) movement, which began in New York City's Zuccotti Park in September 2011.
The Delaware River. According to the text, going 15 miles due south from the southern point of Philadelphia would have taken them through the Delaware River.
The Rose Bowl. It was first played in 1902 but took a break from 1903-1915, and has been continuously played since 1916.
The correct answer is:  1929   Here's why:   1. The Wall Street Crash refers to the stock market crash that occurred on October 29, 1929, also known as Black Tuesday. 2. Italy and the Vatican signed the Lateran Treaty in 1929, which established diplomatic relations between the two entities and recognized Catholicism as the official state religion of Italy. 3. Herbert Hoover was inaugurated as the 31st President of the United States on March 4, 1929.   So, all three events occurred in the same year: 1929!
The article does not specifically state who won the BBC's Sports Personality of the Year award in 2012. It only mentions that the winner would be announced on December 16, 2012.
Roy Hudd played the role of Archie Shuttleworth, the amorous undertaker.
According to the documents, several words describe the ability to imagine and share another person's feelings and/or experiences:  * Empathy * Compassion * Identifying with someone's emotional set-up (Kristjansson, 2004) * Putting oneself in another person's shoes (Goldman, 1993) * Sharing in another person's emotional life (Goodman, 2000) * Imagining oneself in someone else's position and intuiting what that person is feeling (Pink, 2004)  These words are all used interchangeably or have similar meanings in the context of understanding and sharing others' emotions.
It appears that the question about Attention Deficit Disorder (ADD) is not related to the provided text about C.S. Lewis.  However, based on general knowledge, I can answer:  Attention Deficit Disorder (ADD) is a neurodevelopmental disorder characterized by symptoms of inattention, such as difficulty sustaining focus, following instructions, and completing tasks. It was previously referred to as Attention Deficit Disorder, but the term has largely been replaced by Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD), which includes both inattentive and hyperactive symptoms.
eBay.
The Sierra Nevada mountain range. According to the document, "It is situated in the Sierra Nevada National Park".
The load lines are marked with the letters TF (Tropical Fresh Water), F (Fresh Water), T (Tropical), S (Summer), and WNA (Winter North Atlantic). The Load Line Disc is intersected by a horizontal line that marks the Summer salt water line, also known as the Plimsol Line, which is denoted by "S".
The United States is not mentioned as the first country to make catalytic converters compulsory. However, it can be inferred from the text that it was likely one of the early adopters, as it introduced emission restrictions in 1968 and catalytic converters were being developed in response to growing environmental concerns.  According to the text, cars in Germany, Sweden, and Switzerland were first fitted with catalytic converters in 1985. However, it is not explicitly stated that they were made compulsory that year.  It can be inferred from the text that the European Union was one of the early adopters of making catalytic converters compulsory, as the Euro I emissions standard, which required catalytic converters on all new cars sold in Europe, was introduced in 1992.
Stephen Tompkinson plays DCI (Detective Chief Inspector) Alan Banks, not DCI Banks, as it is written that way in the article.
Henry Fielding established the Bow Street Runners, a precursor to the police force.
According to the article, Paul Ince was the first black person to captain an England football team, in June 1993.
A sea krait, mentioned in the article as a venomous snake that the mimic octopus mimics by shoving six arms into a hole and holding two others out with a slight wiggle. Its neurotoxic venom can be deadly to humans.
The First Minister of Scotland.
The alphabet.
Jamaica.
John Keats, in his poem "Ode on A Grecian Urn," written in 1819.
The answer is D.A.T.T.  D.A.T.T. stands for "Down the Alley Tawling Tables" but also an alternative name for Bar Skittles.
John Reginald Christie.
Willie Carson.
Barbara Castle, Baroness Castle of Blackburn PC, GCOT.
A monastery.
Squadra Toro Rosso.
Sirte. According to the article, Sirte is "the birthplace" of Muammar Gaddafi where he was fighting his last stand alongside two of his sons. He was eventually captured and killed there on October 20-21, 2011.
General William Tecumseh Sherman. According to the article from The Landmark (Statesville, North Carolina) May 11, 1883, Charles F. Kellar, the original owner of what is now known as the General Sherman tree, first named it the Carl Marx Tree. However, it was later renamed after General William Tecumseh Sherman.
Sepp Blatter is Swiss.
Indonesia. According to the document, Indonesia announced that it would leave OPEC when its membership expired at the end of 2008, having become a net importer of oil and being unable to meet its production quota.
The answer is not in the provided text. The text actually mentions that Fulham reached the FA Cup Final in 1975, but there is no mention of them reaching the final in 2011. However, based on my own knowledge and external information, I can tell you that the answer is Liverpool (in 2012) and Chelsea (in 2007, as the runners-up), but not Fulham in 2011.
Vera. It is based on the work of crime author Ann Cleeves and follows the character of Detective Chief Inspector Vera Stanhope.
Unfortunately, I don't see any mention of the Open Golf Championship in the provided documents. However, I can tell you that Charl Schwartzel is mentioned as a former Masters champion (which he won in 2011), but there's no information about him winning the Open Golf Championship.  If you're looking for the answer to this question, it might be better to check another source or ask a different question based on the provided documents.
Danny Boyle directed the 2010 film "127 Hours".
Sinclair Lewis.
According to the text, Martini & Rossi is a brand of vermouth. Specifically, it is mentioned as an Italian brand that makes both red and dry styles of vermouth, which are commonly used in cocktails such as the Negroni and the Manhattan.
Frida Kahlo. According to the document, "Diego Rivera was husband of female Mexican artist Frida Kahlo."
According to the document, The Gulf of Aqaba (or Gulf of Eilat) is an access point for the Red Sea.
The Dreaded Batter Pudding Hurler of Bexhill-on-Sea appeared on a radio show.
According to the documents, Millefiori is an ancient glasswork technique that produces distinctive polished patterns on glassware. However, it is now applied to polymer clay, giving the piece its colorful, radiant look.   Therefore, the correct answer is: Polymer clay.
Buster Keaton.
Mount Qomolangma (also spelled Chonolungma) is the official name of the mountain in Tibet. It can also be translated as "Holy Mother".
The Up Series is a series of documentary films that have followed the lives of fourteen British children since 1964.
The answer is "A". In a standard semaphore system, the vertical position of the arm represents the letter "A" and indicates that all trains are clear to proceed.
Friedrich Engels.
India and Myanmar. The Mergui Archipelago, also known as the Myeik Archipelago, is north of Ranong in Myanmar (Burma), while the Andaman Islands are a part of India.
Yorkshire. According to the document, it is nicknamed "God's Own County".
There is no question provided about the heavily hyped end-November shopping day in UK stores. However, I can provide some general information on this topic.  The event you might be referring to is likely "Black Friday" which has become a major shopping event in recent years, especially in the United States and other countries like the UK. It typically takes place on the day after Thanksgiving in November and involves retailers offering significant discounts and promotions on various products. The event has gained popularity in the UK in recent years, with many stores opening early or even staying open late to accommodate customers looking for bargains.  However, if you are thinking of a specific event that took place in 2014, it's possible that it was related to "Black Friday".
Aaron was the older brother of Moses. However, according to the document, it was actually Aaron who was urged by the people to craft a golden calf when Moses went up to Mt. Sinai and was away for 40 days and nights, but he (Aaron) couldn't resist the pressure, which implies that someone else might have made the actual idol, but Aaron consented.
There is no mention of "Sole" in the provided documents. However, I can try to help you find the answer.  Since the Shipping Forecast areas are listed in roughly clockwise order from the north-east, and there is a list of sea areas towards the end of the document, I'll look for any area that might be south of another area starting with "Sole".  Unfortunately, I couldn't find an area called "Sole" or any mention of it being related to one of the listed areas. However, I did notice that there is no "Sole" in the list of sea areas provided.  If you can provide more context or clarify which document or source contains information about the "Sole" Shipping Forecast area, I'll do my best to help you find the answer.
Scientology. According to the provided texts, Scientology teaches that an alien named Xenu (also known as L. Ron Hubbard's alter ego) brought billions of aliens from other planets to Earth approximately 75 million years ago. He then used hydrogen bombs to kill them and put their souls into a cluster at the bottom of a volcano on what is now Hawaii.
The village of Chibok is located in northeastern Nigeria. Specifically, it is part of Borno state.
Israel.
The Mekong River
Aqueous humor.
The author of the book 'A Bridge Too Far' is Cornelius Ryan.
Oliver Cromwell.
The Nebuchadnezzar holds 16 liters (equal to 20 standards) and measures approximately 31" tall.
There is no mention of this specific advertising slogan "Forces grey out, forces white in" in the provided documents.
Argentina.
County Durham.
Marat Safin's nationality is Russian. He was born to Tatar parents in Moscow, Russia.
William Walton.
The answer cannot be determined from the text. The question about the Chinese year is not related to the content provided. However, I can tell you that 1998 corresponds to the Fire Tiger in the Chinese zodiac, but without more information or context, it's difficult to provide a definitive answer.
The Louis XIII style was the fashion in French architecture that had much to do with the regency of Marie de' Medici.
All Fools' Day.
Nena sang about "99 Luftballons" (which translates to 99 red balloons) in 1983.
The tongue. Specifically, all or part of it may be removed during a glossectomy.
According to the documents, Americans typically refer to what Brits would call a "buggy" or "pushchair" as a "stroller".
According to the text, "Do They Know It's Christmas?" by Band Aid (not Band Aid II) topped the charts in 1984. In 1985, however, there is no mention of a chart-topper, so I assume you're referring to 1988 and 1990.  In 1988, it was "Mistle Thrashin'" by Run-DMC that didn't reach number one (although it did in the US), but I couldn't find any information on who actually had the top spot.
The city of Odessa is located on the Black Sea.
Eleanor of Aquitaine.
Auguste Rodin.
The phrase "Kia Ora" comes from the Maori language. It is a traditional Maori greeting that means both "hello" and "thank you". According to the document, it is listed as the #1 most common word/phrases in New Zealand slang, but its origins are specifically stated to be from Te Reo Maori (the Maori language).
According to the provided text, in heraldry, a wyvern is a draconic symbol that is often depicted as an evil dragon, but is also shown as a creature of valor and protection. It typically has scales, a forked tongue, a spiked back, and a whip-like tail, making it a formidable creature.
Venice. The Teatro San Cassiano, the first public opera house, was opened in Venice in 1637.
Attila the Hun was given the nickname "The Scourge of God", as evidenced by the Latin statement "Ego sum Attila flagellum Dei" (I am Attila, the scourge of God).
Unfortunately, the provided text does not explicitly mention which newspaper has won the most Pulitzer Prizes. However, it is reported that The New York Times and The Washington Post are among those who have won multiple Pulitzers, with notable examples of their winning stories mentioned in the article, such as the Pentagon Papers and Watergate coverage.
The River Stour.
Flash memory.
John Simm played Alec Jeffreys in the TV mini-series "Code of a Killer".
South Pacific.
Betty Ford, the wife of President Gerald R. Ford, opened the Betty Ford Center in Rancho Mirage, California, which was a live-in treatment program for alcoholics and drug abusers.
Philadelphia (not related to the question, but based on the knowledge that there was a TV show called "Frasier" set in Seattle and another one called "The Frazier" was not found in the given texts).
Here are the answers to the provided questions:  1. **Liberty** 2. **Federalism** (the system where power is divided between a central authority and constituent political units) 3. **Rational choice theory** (a theory that explains the behavior of individuals and groups in terms of rational decision-making) 4. **Legislative agenda setting** (process by which policymakers choose which issues to focus on and how they will address them) 5. **Purchasing power parity** (measure of per capita income that shows the purchasing power of an income, instead of its worth at current exchange rates) 6. **Seditious speech** (speech that is harmful or insubordinate towards government) 7. **Resource extraction** (practice of locating, acquiring and selling any resource, but typically a natural resource) 8. **Dual sovereignty** (theory of federalism by which both national government and state have final authority over their own policy domains) 9. **Structural Adjustment Program (SAP)** (program administered by international financial institutions that offer loans at favorable interest rates to governments facing debt problems if they adopt specific economic policies) 10. **Marbury vs. Madison** (court case that dealt with the Judiciary Act of 1789 and the writ of mandamus, ending the power of any federal court to declare a federal or state law unconstitutional) 11. **Security Council** (UN body responsible for maintaining international peace and security) 12. **Agenda building** (process by which policymakers choose which issues to focus on and how they will address them) 13. **Pacted transition** (democratic transition that occurs when pacts or agreements among elites of formerly undemocratic states permit the establishment of democratic government) 14. **Collective responsibility** (convention in which the Cabinet as a group takes responsibility for the actions of the government in Parliament) 15. **Concurring opinion** (judge's agreement with a decision, but written separately for a different reason)
Sicily is the largest island in the Mediterranean Sea, with a land area of 25,662 square kilometers.
Israel. The document states that the Uzi was designed by Uziel Gal, a captain in the Israeli army, and its original manufacturer was Israel Military Industries (IMI). Today, it is made by Israel Weapon Industries (IWI), which was launched from IMI's small arms division.
Sigmund Freud.
A rhombus. According to Dictionary.com and Collins English Dictionary, a rhombus is defined as "an oblique-angled parallelogram having four equal sides".
According to the documents, Ganymede orbits Jupiter.
The Young Apprentice television knockout competition, in which Zara Brownless won in 2011.
A particle, specifically a hypothetical particle thought to mediate the force of gravity.
The main opponents of Russia in the Crimean War were Britain, France, and Turkey (also known as the Ottoman Empire).
Paisley, an industrial Renfrewshire town to the south-west of Glasgow.
The text doesn't explicitly state that Yorkshire County Cricket Club was formed in a specific decade, but it does mention that the club was founded on January 8, 1863. Therefore, the formation of both Lancashire and Yorkshire County Cricket Clubs occurred in the 19th century.  Lancashire's cricket team has its roots dating back to 1756, while their official county status was established in 1864. Given these dates, it can be inferred that both Lancashire and Yorkshire County Cricket Clubs were formed in the mid-to-late 19th century.
The answer is "Edward IV". However, it's worth noting that this question doesn't directly relate to the text you provided, which discusses Richard III's bastard children. According to historical records, Edward IV was indeed the son of Richard, Duke of York (also known as Richard Plantagenet) and Cecily Neville, but he became King Edward IV after deposing his uncle, Henry VI.
The knight is the only piece in a game of chess that can jump over other pieces.
In Norse mythology, Frey (also spelled Freyr) was the god of peace and fertility, rain, sunshine, and prosperity.
Feeble. The main character's name is Eric Feeble.
The Super Bowl.
South Africa. The procedure was performed by Dr. Christiaan Barnard on December 3, 1967, at Groote Schuur Hospital in Cape Town.
According to the text, the traditional fish used in the Scottish dish "Cullen Skink" is haddock. However, in this particular recipe, smoked whiting was used as a substitute for smoked haddock due to its similar flavor and more economical cost.
Feeble.
The Tulliver family lives at Dorlcote Mill in the novel "The Mill on the Floss" by George Eliot.
General Jan Christian Smuts. He was appointed as the new Prime Minister on September 6th, 1939, following General Hertzog's resignation, and remained in office until June 4th, 1948.
The answer is Georgia.  According to the text, Katie Melua's uncles used to play Queen and Led Zeppelin records, suggesting that she grew up in a household with a strong musical influence. Additionally, the fact that she was asked to perform at the 46664 concert in South Africa, which benefited Nelson Mandela's HIV charity, implies that her music career took off after she left Georgia.
a state of dryness (desiccation)
According to the text, the phrase "The Thief of Time" is a reference to a poem called ""Sins of Omission"" by Ogden Nash. However, it does not explicitly state what the phrase means or its origin. The quote from the poem mentions that procrastination ("let's all fail to write just one more letter before we go home") "is on me," implying that the speaker is taking responsibility for putting off tasks, but the text does not provide a clear answer to the question of what "The Thief of Time" refers to.
According to the documents, the Upper Mekong Basin is located on the Tibetan Plateau, which is in Asia. Specifically, it mentions that much of this part of the Basin is snow-covered in winter and that melting snow from the Tibetan Plateau feeds the Mekong River's dry-season flow.  Therefore, the answer is: Asia (specifically, the Tibetan Plateau).
A large, flightless bird.
Juan Manuel Fangio.
Ireland. According to the article, "A 'No' vote on the Lisbon Treaty... would be another blow to the EU project, which has struggled to recover from the rejection in 2005 of the predecessor to the Lisbon document, the Constitutional Treaty, by voters in France and the Netherlands."
The answer is "Without You".
"Video Killed the Radio Star" by the Buggles, was the first music video aired on MTV (Music Television) on August 1, 1981.
The element with an atomic number of 11 is Sodium (Na). According to the document, the name "Sodium" derives from the English word "soda" and the Latin word "natrium", which means "natron (soda in English)". The chemical symbol Na also comes from the Latin Natrium.
Elke Brooks was born Elaine Bookbinder in Salford (not Manchester) and raised in Prestwich.
"All My Yesterdays" is the autobiography of Edward G. Robinson.
Unfortunately, there is no specific information in the provided documents about which animal the current year corresponds to. However, according to the text, each new year is marked by the characteristics of one of the 12 zodiacal animals: rat, ox, tiger, rabbit, dragon, snake, horse, sheep, monkey, rooster, dog, and pig.  To determine which animal the current year corresponds to, you would need to know the current Chinese year. However, based on the information provided, I can suggest a few options:  * If it's been recently explained that the current year is, for example, the Year of the Rat, then that would be the correct answer. * Alternatively, if the text mentioned the exact dates or months for each zodiac animal's year, you could look up which animal corresponds to the current date.  However, without more specific information about the current Chinese year, I can only provide a general answer:  The Chinese New Year has just occurred, and it is likely one of the 12 zodiacal animals: rat, ox, tiger, rabbit, dragon, snake, horse, sheep, monkey, rooster, dog, or pig.
The question is about Wimbledon, not the French Open. The cup presented to the winner of the Men's Singles at Wimbledon is called the "All England Lawn Tennis Club Single Handed Championship of the World". It is a silver gilt cup that has been awarded since 1887 and bears the inscription: "All England Lawn Tennis Club Single Handed Championship of the World."
The answer is: Motor oil.
There is no mention in the text that Plato and Xenophon were pupils of a Greek philosopher. However, it can be inferred from the context that they were two of Socrates' closest associates or students who wrote about his life and teachings.  In this case, it would be correct to say that Plato and Xenophon are two of the most famous followers or writers about the Greek philosopher Socrates.
The Dandie Dinmont terrier. It was named after the fictional character Mr. Dandie Dinmont from Sir Walter Scott's 1814 novel "Guy Mannering".
The question does not relate to the topic of innovation and standardization. However, I'll answer based on the context provided:  The Italian term "Prassi di riferimento" was mentioned in one of the sources as a technical deliverable focused on innovation, adopted into English.  However, since you asked for an Italian term that refers to a mixed language enabling communication between different national groups, the correct answer is likely "Pattuglia".  A pattuglia (Italian) or patrol (English) can refer to a group of people from different nationalities working together, facilitating communication and coordination.  However, if we're looking for an Italian term referring specifically to a mixed language enabling communication between different national groups, the more accurate answer would be "Pidgin". Pidgin is indeed used in Italy as a term adopted from English to describe a simplified or mixed language used for communication between people of different backgrounds.
The Battle of Tewkesbury was fought in Tewkesbury, a town located in Gloucestershire, England.
The Battle of Cabin Creek took place during the American Civil War.
Trilby.
Leisure
The text does not mention any group specifically named after the main character in the 1984 film Paris, Texas. However, it does mention that "Hunter is depicted as a Star Wars fan."   But, I can tell you that there are several bands and artists who have mentioned or referenced the movie Paris, Texas in their work. One notable example is the American indie rock band Guided by Voices, but they were formed before 1984.  However, I found that the British experimental band Stereolab named a song "Paris Texas" on their album Emperor Tomato Ketchup (1996).
Dublin.
Cavitation.
According to the documents, Albert Christian Edward is the full name of King Edward VII. This suggests that "Edward" is his first name and "Albert" and "Christian" are part of his full name.  Therefore, the answer would be: Albert (as in Prince Albert, King Edward's father).
The capital of Gabon is Libreville.
Rigoletto.
In our solar system, the asteroid belt lies roughly between Mars and Jupiter.
The main author of the U.S. Declaration of Independence was Thomas Jefferson, who wrote the first draft of the document over a period of two weeks.
The alveoli are found in the lungs.
Absolutely Fabulous.
Elijah. According to 2 Kings 2:11, Elijah was taken up to heaven in a whirlwind, accompanied by a chariot of fire.
Unfortunately, I don't see any specific information about E.M. Shepherd illustrating a particular series of books in the text you provided.  However, it does mention that John R. Neill was an illustrator who contributed to the Oz series, and also mentions Reilly and Lee editors who worked on Ruth Plumly Thompson's incomplete book "Ozoplaning with the Wizard of Oz".
The King of Navarre and the Princess of France appear as characters in "Love's Labour's Lost".
Portia in The Merchant of Venice.
Suriname
Mark Cavendish.
The aardvark is sometimes called the "earth pig," but it isn't really related to pigs at all. (According to the Animal Articles document)
Mary Baker Eddy. She published her theories about religion in "Science and Health" in 1875, named her philosophy Christian Science, and founded the Church of Christ, Scientist in 1879.
Newfoundland and Labrador.
Basketball. The award is given to the best European basketball player regardless of where he plays in the world.
There is no mention of "the 'Tri colour'" in any of the provided documents. However, based on general knowledge, it seems that you may be referring to Italy's flag. The Italian flag has three vertical bands of green, white, and red, often referred to as the "Tricolore".
Suriname.
According to the provided document, the 2010 film "Wall Street: Money Never Sleeps" is a sequel to the 1987 film of the same name.
David Trimble MP was elected as the First Minister (Designate) at the first meeting of the Assembly on July 1, 1998.
The 1968 film is an adaptation of Ian Fleming's children's book. However, according to the documents provided, the answer to your question is that Chitty Chitty Bang Bang is actually a musical adaptation of the 1968 film, not the other way around. The original 1968 film was based on Ian Fleming's novel of the same name.  To clarify, the characters Caractacus Potts and Truly Scrumptious originate from the novel "Chitty-Chitty-Bang-Bang" written by Ian Fleming in 1964 (not the 1968 film adaptation). The novel was later adapted into a musical and then a film in 1968.
Reginald (Jeeves is addressed as "Mr." but his first name is occasionally revealed to be Reginald).
Their feet, specifically tiny sensory organelles on them. They also use their proboscis (part of the mouth) for tasting.
Lon Chaney Jr. plays the role of Larry Talbot, also known as the Wolf Man, in the 1941 horror film 'The Wolf Man'.
It looks like there are some new questions added at the end. Since I'm not seeing any information related to "Who famously said 'Don't have a cow, man'?", I'll answer based on previous questions.  If you'd like me to help with anything else from the original text, feel free to ask!
The first name of the wife of Bill Gates is Melinda.
According to the documents, Winchester was the capital of the Wessex Anglo-Saxon kingdom.
There is not enough information provided to answer the question accurately. However, based on the context and the mention of "Dr. No," it can be inferred that the person being referred to is likely Sean Connery, who played the role of James Bond in the film adaptation of Ian Fleming's novel.  Therefore, a possible answer could be:  Sean Connery
None. The text does not mention Anpan originating from another country. It actually states that Anpan was created by Yasubei Kimura, a Japanese samurai, during the Meiji Period in Japan.
Spencer Tracy's last film was "Guess Who's Coming to Dinner" in 1967.
Hannah Montana.
Spencer Perceval, the Prime Minister of Britain.
The United States. According to the first document, "the US Presidents Guest House is more commonly known as Blair House".
Henri Rousseau.
Fay Wray played Ann Darrow in the 1933 film 'King Kong'.
The Ebro.
The names given to the Jewish New Year (Rosh Chodashim) are:  1. Rosh Chodesh Ha-Aviv ("the month of spring") 2. Rosh Chodesh Ha-Rishon ("the first month") 3. Rosh Chodesh Ha-Geulah ("the month of redemption") 4. Rosh Chodesh Nisan (also simply "Nisan")  However, the most widely used and accepted name is Rosh Hashanah, which is celebrated on Tishri 1, not Nisan 1.
According to the provided documents, Neophobia is the fear of new things.
Denmark. The Bodil Awards are a Danish film award established in 1948 by the Danish Film Critics association.
Henry VII, King Henry VII, was the founder of the Tudor Dynasty and the son of Edmund Tudor, 1st Earl of Richmond.
According to the provided document, "Nariyal" is the Indian term for the coconut (Cocos nucifera).
Buttermilk.
Will Ferrell plays the title character Buddy Hobbs in the film Elf.
Bulimia. According to the documents, "bulimia" comes from the New Latin, which was derived from Greek boulimia (βουλιμία), meaning "ox hunger".
France. According to the article, the roots of the opera cake are as hotly contested, but one theory is that it was invented by Parisian patisserie Dalloyau in the mid-1950s.
Thunderstorms.
According to Roman mythology, the goddess of flowers was Flora.
Deciduous trees, such as oaks, maples, fruit and nut trees (e.g. black walnut, pecan), and other species like horsechestnut, buckeye, sassafras, sweetgum, American sycamore, red mulberry, tuliptree, slippery elm, beech, eastern hophornbeam, birches, cottonwoods, alders, and most willows.
David Lean.
Sean Penn.
The answer is Ryde, but more specifically, it's "Cowes" that is named after a nearby river.  However, I think you might be thinking of Cowes' neighboring town, which is also named after an Asian city: Ryde isn't it. The correct answer is Newport, and indeed the Isle of Wight has a River Medina.
Muscovite is a processed form of Mica.   Specifically, Muscovite sheet mica is the principal form used by the electrical industry for manufacturing capacitors, as mentioned in the text.
Based on the text, the answer to the question is the Winchester Model 1873. This rifle was designed in 1873 and had several different models, and it earned the nickname "The Gun That Won The West".
T.E. Lawrence (Lawrence of Arabia)
Reginald Hill, a crime novelist.
The Kodiak bear, a subspecies of the brown bear, rivals the polar bear as the largest member of the bear family.
CS Lewis. He is often best known for his children's series "The Chronicles of Narnia", but he also wrote other notable works such as "Out Of The Silent Planet" and "The Screwtape Letters".
Callahan. The main character's name is Inspector "Dirty" Harry Callahan, portrayed by Clint Eastwood.
Kirk Douglas initially played the title role, but Andy Whitfield played it in the Starz series "Spartacus: Blood and Sand" before he passed away due to non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.
Prince Edward, Duke of Kent.
The Copenhagen Criteria define eligibility for national membership of the European Union (EU).
A starter question is worth 10 points in University Challenge.
According to the document, Mexico has more Spanish-speakers than any other country, including the United States. However, the article also states that by 2050, the United States will likely be the world's largest Spanish-speaking country.
The Beauly Firth and the Moray Firth. The text mentions that "you have great views from here westwards down the Beauly Firth" and also states that you can see "the Inverness Firth and Moray Firth beyond".
There is no information provided about how many home runs Ty Cobb hit in the World Series. However, according to his biography, his best years were 1911 and 1915, but it doesn't mention anything about his performance in the World Series. It only mentions that his first great season came in 1907, when the Tigers rode success all the way to the World Series.
Kerosene.
Jaundice.
The answer is Zubin Mehta.
"The Dude"
Ricin.
Unfortunately, the answer to this question cannot be determined based on the provided text. The text only discusses the history of rugby sevens and its inclusion in the Olympic Games program, but does not provide information about the previous Olympic Rugby Union champions or the year they last participated.   However, according to historical records, the United States was the reigning champion in 1924.
Mark Rothko. He was born in Dvinsk, Russia (now Daugavpils, Latvia) and went on to become a renowned American abstract expressionist painter.
Bantamweight.
According to the documents provided, the River Wensum runs alongside Carrow Road, where the football ground of Norwich City FC is located.
According to the text, there is no fixed maximum number of cardinals mentioned. However, Pope Sixtus V originally set a limit at 70, but this was later increased by various popes. Currently, the number of cardinals eligible to vote in papal elections (those under 80 years old) was limited to 120 by Paul VI and John Paul II.
There is no information about Rodney Eyles, Peter Nicol, Susan Devoy, or Cassie Campion in the provided documents. However, it does mention that Susan Devoy, along with her partner's (not mentioned) biological father, are featured in the 2010 American dramedy "The Kids Are All Right."
Field hockey.
The answer is not explicitly stated in the text provided, but based on the timeline of events described, it can be inferred that Massachusetts was one of the first states to legalize same-sex marriage in 2004 (although this event is not mentioned in the text). However, according to the photos and caption at the end, Washington state is shown waving a flag in support of same-sex marriage outside the U.S. Supreme Court on June 26, 2015, suggesting that Washington was one of the states affected by the nationwide ruling.
Bobby George.
Malkovich. The full title is "Being John Malkovich".
1957. According to the document, "Sputnik was the world's first artificial satellite, launched Oct. 4, 1957."
There is no mention of a British physicist and mathematician being born on 25/12/1642 in the text you provided.  However, I can tell you that Isac Newton was indeed born on January 4 (not December 25), 1643, not 1642.
The answer is Pennsylvania and Maryland.  According to the text, "In 1820, Congress adopted the Missouri Compromise and first used the term 'Mason Dixon Line' to describe the Maryland-Pennsylvania border."
According to the document, Droitwich and Kidderminster are towns in Worcestershire.
You wouldn't actually "find" Narita Airport in the context of the question. The article is saying that Narita Airport is located near a city called Narita, which offers a unique experience for travelers with layovers. In other words, Narita City is nearby Narita Airport.
The term for this phenomenon is "glass ceiling". It refers to an unwritten, uncodified barrier to further promotion or progression for members of specific demographic groups, particularly women and minorities.
According to the documents, if a creature is "edentulous", it means it does not have any teeth. The word "edentulous" is used several times in the responses, and one of the comments explicitly states: "I find the lack of pain from poor teeth, coupled with the astetic beauty of a perfect smile far outweigh natural teeth anytime."
The Dick Powell Show.
Lowestoft is the Suffolk town that sits at Britain's most easterly point.
Katniss Everdeen is the protagonist of The Hunger Games trilogy.
The answer is: Leicester City.
Barack Obama, the Democratic presidential contender at that time.
King Edward II of England.
Irving Stone.
The Herschel family.   Specifically, it refers to William Herschel (1738-1822), Caroline Lucretia Herschel (1750-1848) and John Herschel (1792-1871).
Baked Alaska. According to the text, the Norwegian Omelette was originally called "omelette a la norvegienne" and referred to Baked Alaska, a dessert made from ice cream wrapped in a cake and topped with meringue.
The phonautograph, a sound recording device that visually recorded sound waves on a cylinder coated with lampblack.
Guatemala's southern border is with Mexico, and Mexico shares its northern border with the continental USA, but Guatemala does not share a direct border with the continental USA. However, Belize does share a border with both Guatemala and Mexico.  According to the documents provided, Belize's bordering countries are:  - Mexico to the north - Guatemala to the south and west
