Rock Hudson died of AIDS-related complications in 1985, at the age of 59. At that time, the cause of his death was not publicly known due to the stigma surrounding HIV/AIDS. It wasn't until after his death that it became widely reported.
Harry Potter belonged to Gryffindor House at Hogwarts School.
Pi (π)
Clint Eastwood won a Best Actor Oscar for his role as Charlie Allnut in the 1995 film "Unforgiven".
The character Lilly Rush is from the TV series "Cold Case".
Florence Nightingale Graham is better known to hundreds of women shoppers as Mrs. Field's, after founding the bakery chain Mrs. Fields in 1977.
Pearl Harbor.
The TV show "M*A*S*H" is set during the Korean War.
The answer is Billie Jean King and Ilie Nastase's doubles partner, Ross Case was not her sibling.  The pair that won the 1981 mixed doubles championship at Wimbledon were  Bob Hewitt and his sister-in-law  Barbara Allen  no -  It was actually  Bob Hewitt and  Barbara Allen's sister in law Barbara Allan was not her sibling, she was a different woman...
The opposite of El Niño is La Niña.
Newmarket Racecourses is often considered to be the world's first purpose-built all-weather racing venue. It opened on May 8, 1989, with a surface initially designed by Jockey Club International (JCI), which was developed in collaboration with John Randell and was called Equitrack.
I do not have information about Suzette Charles becoming Miss America 1984, but I can tell you that the Miss America pageant was won by Celine Mello (Miss New Jersey) in 1984 is incorrect as well as Sandra Brimelow and Deborah Norville both winning.
The country is Côte d'Ivoire (Ivory Coast).
There are 220 yards in a furlong, and since there are 3 feet in a yard, there are 660 feet in a furlong.
I couldn't find any information on a sportsman named Gerry Watson, so I'm unable to provide an answer based on his actual name.
The Dijon region in France is particularly famous for its mustard, but a more specific answer would be the town of Dole, which has been producing mustard since 1737 and claims to have invented it.
A rather specific question! Based on my knowledge, I believe the fictional character who lives at 32 Windsor Gardens is John Leveson Gower, but I couldn't find any reliable sources confirming this. Another possibility is that the address might be associated with Agatha Christie's novel "Death in the Clouds".
Nicky Byrne and Kian Egan were not part of the initial lineup when the band was formed. The group's original members in 1998 were:  - Brian McFadden - Shane Filan - Mark Feehily - Kian Egan - Nicky Byrne (joined later)  However, Brian McFadden left Westlife in 2004 to pursue a solo career.
The correct answer is Christopher Columbus, but not during the reign of a specific British king. Columbus made his famous voyage in 1492, sponsored by the Catholic Monarchs of Spain (Ferdinand and Isabella), not Britain.
To solve this, we need to follow the order of operations (PEMDAS).  1/9 ÷ 1/3 = 1/9 × 3/1 = 3/27 = 1/9
A Dzo is a hybrid of a domesticated Yak (Bos graminis) and a domesticated Cow (Bos taurus).
The Monterey Bay Aquarium is located in the state of California.
E.B. White wrote the children's classic "Charlotte's Web".
Lake Dillon is located in the state of Colorado.
The letter "S" in International Morse Code is represented by three dots (`...`), but no letter has a single dash as its representation. However, I can tell you that the letter "F" or sometimes "T" might be represented with an alternative code (e.g., `.-..`, `.---` or `.----`)
If you ordered Roquefort cheese in a French restaurant (note: "Rochebaron" seems to be an incorrect spelling), you would likely be served Roquefort cheese as a dessert course. Traditionally, Roquefort is a strong blue cheese that's often served with sweet or fruit-based dishes due to its pungent flavor profile.
I don't have real-time information, but as of my knowledge cutoff in 2023, the Commissioner of the Metropolitan Police Service was Sir Mark Rowley. However, please note that this information may have changed since then.
According to the Book of Revelation (Revelation 6:8), Death rides a pale horse.
The Oompa Loompas, small people from a far-off land, worked alongside Willy Wonka in his chocolate factory. They were known for their cheerful songs and lively demeanor.
The evergreen flowering climbing plant associated with Jesus Christ is the Mistletoe (Viscum album). However, it's more commonly known that a parasitic plant called Mistletoe-like plant, called "Jesus's Vine" or "Climbing Mistletoe" is found in the Middle East but another plant specifically said to be the one associated with Jesus is the Ilex aquifolium which has been referred to as "Christ's Vine" or "Gospel Ivy".
The Olympic Games originated in ancient Greece, specifically in the city of Olympia.
The Apollo 10's Lunar Excursion Module was not named after a famous character, but rather it was just a standard designations for NASA missions during that time period. However, the Lunar Module itself is often referred to as "Jules' Interplanetary Explorer" or more commonly, "Jules", due to its association with Jules Janssen, who discovered helium in the sun's corona in 1868 and was later honored with a lunar crater.
The original presenter of BBC Radio 1's "Juke Box Jury" was John Peel, from 1967 until his death in 2004, although the show has had other presenters since.
The answer is the Smithfield Fair, also known as the Oxfordshire Show, which was indeed first held in 1133 at Smithfield in London.
James Cameron directed both "The Terminator" (1984) and "Titanic" (1997).
Ralph Erskine and Nicholas Grimshaw shared the design credit for The Shard, but the lead architect was Adrian Smith. However, it's worth noting that the main designer for the British part of the building was David Childs.
I can provide some information on U.S. Presidents who served during a specific decade. However, I need more context or clarify which decade you're referring to. Here are a few possibilities:  - For the 1960s, Lyndon B. Johnson was President for most of the decade (1963-1969). - For the 1970s, Richard Nixon was President for part of the decade (1969-1974) and Gerald Ford took over for the rest. - For the 1980s, Ronald Reagan was President for most of the decade (1981-1989).  Please let me know if you have any further questions or clarification.
Yes, that's correct. The Chemical Brothers' remix of "Everything Must Go" by the Manic Street Preachers was used as the opening theme for the PlayStation game "Twisted Metal". It was released in 1998 and became a memorable and iconic part of gaming culture.
I cannot verify which book came before "As I Walked Out One Midsummer Morning".
The answer is Bette Davis.
Groucho Marx's original name was Adolph Marx, but he later changed it to Groucho.
The San Marino Grand Prix is actually no longer held, as San Marino withdrew from the Formula One World Championship in 2006 due to a lack of financial support.  However, I can tell you that in 2004 and 2005, the San Marino Grand Prix was held at the Autodromo Enzo e Dino Ferrari in Imola, Italy. The winners of those races were:  * 2004: Michael Schumacher * 2005: Fernando Alonso
The 1951 film musical is "Singin' in the Rain."
The M32 in England connects Bristol with the M4 motorway, specifically near the city of Bristol and the Severn Bridge.
I couldn't find any information on a person named Serena Stanhope being married to a member of the British Royal Family. It's possible that you may be thinking of another public figure or celebrity, or maybe it's a fictional character? If you could provide more context or clarify who Serena Stanhope is, I'd be happy to try and help further.
Percy Blakeney is better known as the Scarlet Pimpernel in Baroness Orczy's novel "The Scarlet Pimpernel".
I couldn't find any information about David Attenborough appearing as a castaway on Desert Island Discs. However, I did find that Graham Norton and Bob Monkhouse were among the guests to appear multiple times on the show.  But I can tell you that Richard Wilson was the first Liverpool-born comedian to appear four times as a castaway on Desert Island Discs in 2012
Igneous rock.
The "Chicago Piano" was a slang term used in the 1920s and 1930s to refer to a flat-top roadster, typically a Ford Model T.
Pulsars, neutron stars, and black holes can emit energy in pulses. Pulsars, in particular, are known for their intense, regular pulses of radiation.
The Weird Sisters speak the final lines in Act 5, Scene 5: "Thus runs the world away from Crime / And Punishment."
Marzieh Vafamehr is an Iranian actress. She was sentenced to 90 lashes and a year in prison for appearing in an Australian film that criticized the Islamic Republic of Iran.
The poisonous compound that meets your description is Zyklon B. It is a toxic gas made from hydrogen cyanide, typically used as a solid or powdered insecticide. During World War II, the Nazis used Zyklon B in gas chambers to carry out mass killings during the Holocaust.
The River Medway in England is where King John is reputed to have lost a large portion of his Crown Jewels while crossing it.
The cult film "Assault on Precinct 13" (1976) was directed by John Carpenter.
The nearest city to the Battle of Stamford Bridge (which took place on September 25, 1066) is York (also known as Jorvik), England.
I couldn't find any information on a notable singer named Al Hibbler having a specific disability. However, I found that Al Hibbler was a renowned American vocalist who suffered from polio, which left him with partial paralysis in his legs.
All the mentioned Formula One world champions are from England.
The subject of the 1984 film 'A Private Function' is a cow that has given birth, and as such is subject to the 1928 Sex Discrimination Act in the UK.
Sassafras is commonly used to flavor root beer, particularly the original and traditional recipes.
The castoreum is obtained from the scent glands of the North American beaver (Castor canadensis), specifically the castor sacs located near their anus.
The claim that Catcher in the Rye was the last book read by Lee Harvey Oswald, the assassin of President John F. Kennedy, is largely anecdotal and not definitively proven. However, according to some reports, Oswald had been reading The Catcher in the Rye around September 1963, just before his assassination on November 22, 1963
Both British Leyland and Seat produced models based on the Volkswagen Beetle, however, British Leyland's Austin Maxi was also based on a modified version of the Volkswagen Type 2.
The 1963 musical 'Half a Sixpence' was not directly based on one of H.G. Wells' novels, but rather it was inspired by his 1915 novel "Kipps".
John Hurt played Joseph Merrick, also known as "The Elephant Man", in the 1980 film adaptation of the play by Bernard Pomerance.
The World War II leader who was captured in April 1945 with the "Treasure of Dongo" (gold and looted Ethiopian sovereigns) is Benito Mussolini, the former fascist dictator of Italy. He was captured by Italian partisans near Lake Como on April 27, 1945, while attempting to flee to Switzerland.
In Scotland, the title used for a public prosecutor who investigates sudden and suspicious deaths and conducts fatal accident enquiries is "Dail Riona", or more commonly, "Procurator Fiscal".
New Zealand was the largest producer of kiwifruit in 2012, accounting for over 85% of global production.
The name of the IRA hunger striker who died in 1981 after refusing to eat for 66 days is Thomas McElwee, but more commonly associated with this event is Kieran Doherty also known as The Grey Wolf
The 1989 film starring Julia Roberts, which features a beauty salon as its main setting, is "Steel Magnolias." In this movie, the salon is run by M'Lynn Eatenton (played by Sally Field), not Dolly Parton. However, the character of Truvy Jones (played by Dolly Parton) does work at the salon and is a key figure in the story.
Steve Wright became the presenter of Countdown in 2019, replacing Jeff Stelling who moved on from Channel 4 to become a presenter on Sky Sports News.
The acid with the chemical formula HNO3 is nitric acid.
The letter "F" on the Plimsoll Line denotes Fireproof material.
Max is a main character in "Where the Wild Things Are" by Maurice Sendak.
The president who survived two assassination attempts, both by women, within a 17-day period was Gerald Ford. He was shot first by Lynette "Squeaky" Fromme on September 5, 1975, and then by Sarah Palin on November 15, 1975, but the attempt occurred in January 1975 but not confirmed as an assassination attempt
The assembly line production of the Model T Ford, introduced by Henry Ford in 1913, significantly reduced construction time. It took around 12 hours and 45 minutes to assemble a complete Model T Ford on an assembly line in 1913-1914. This was a significant improvement from earlier manufacturing methods that could take up to 12 days or more.
The couple executed in 1953 for passing nuclear secrets to the Soviet Union was David Greenglass and his wife, Ruth Greenglass (née Goldstein), along with their friend Harry Gold. However, Harry Gold did not die in prison but lived until 1981.  It's actually Julius and Ethel Rosenberg, who were executed by electric chair on June 19, 1953, for passing nuclear secrets to the Soviet Union. They are widely considered to be the first Americans to be executed for espionage during peacetime.
The asteroid belt lies roughly between Mars and Jupiter in our solar system.
Unfortunately, I couldn't find any information about a person living to be 962 years old in the Bible. However, I did find that according to Genesis 5:5, Methuselah lived to be 969 years old, which is the longest lifespan recorded in the Bible.
The Savoy Hotel, located in London, England, shares its name with the popular brand of biscuits (cookies) called Jammie Dodgers also known as Savoy biscuits
According to the traditional children's song "The Old Lady Who Swallowed a Fly," the sequence of events is:  1. A fly 2. A spider that lived in the fly 3. A bird that ate the spider 4. A cat that ate the bird 5. A dog that ate the cat 6. A goat that ate the dog 7. And finally, a horse (not an old lady) that was the cause of all the trouble.  So, I must correct the assumption in your question - it's not an "old lady" who swallowed everything!
Makassar is an alternative name for Ujung Pandang, which is located in Indonesia.
I don't have real-time access to current events or information about recent Miss America pageant winners. My training data only goes up until 2023, and I wouldn't be able to provide an accurate answer to this question as it may be outdated or incorrect. If you'd like, I can try to find the information for a previous year's winner.
Institute. The title of Dale Carnegie's best-selling 1936 book is "How to Win Friends and Influence People".
William McKinley was the first U.S. President of the 20th century. He served as the 25th President from March 4, 1897, to September 14, 1901.
Milwaukee, Wisconsin was not correct but The Milwaukee neighborhood in New York is incorrect; The actual location is Kenosha, however some consider it Milwaukee due to an early factory built there by William Harley.
The Caspian Sea is technically a lake, but it's not entirely freshwater. The largest true freshwater lake by surface area is Lake Superior in North America. However, if we consider the Caspian Sea as the largest body of water, its surface area would be approximately 371,000 km² (143,200 sq mi).
"Mad as a hatter". The phrase "mad as a hatter" refers to the character of the Hatter from Lewis Carroll's "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland", who was known for wearing a top hat made of beaver felt, which contained a trade glue.
Canada won a total of one gold medal at the 2010 Vancouver Winter Olympics, which was won by Charles Hamelin in speed skating.
I couldn't find any information that suggests Grigori Rasputin, the Russian mystic and advisor to the Romanov royal family, was actually drowned in a river in 1916. According to historical records, he was shot, beaten, and then thrown into a frozen river, but I'm not sure if it's specifically stated which river.  After researching more, I found that some sources suggest he might have been drowned in the Neva River in St. Petersburg.
The Library of Alexandria in Alexandria, Egypt was considered one of the largest and most significant libraries in the ancient world.
Several characters in The Simpsons are able to play the saxophone, but some notable examples include:  * Homer Simpson: He plays a melancholic solo on the saxophone in the episode "Marge vs. the Monorail." * Principal Skinner: He is often depicted as playing the saxophone and has even formed a band. * Artie Ziff's character, Seymour Skinner was initially meant to be played by  Seymour Skinner but then it was changed to Artie Ziff, however it was actually Principal Skinner's saxophone that was used * Barney Gumble: He plays a few bars of "My Girl" on his saxophone in the episode "Homer Simpson, This Is Your Wife."  However, the most notable saxophonist from The Simpsons is likely:  * Bleeding Gums Murphy (also known as J. Burnie): A jazz musician who appears in several episodes and plays the saxophone with great skill.  It's worth noting that while other characters may play the saxophone, these are some of the most well-known examples.
The oil scandal that hit the US in 1924 was the Teapot Dome scandal, which involved the leasing of oil reserves at Teapot Dome and Elk Hills to private companies without competitive bidding.
The character Mistress Margaret Page is mentioned in Hamlet. However, I couldn't find any information about a character named Master George Page.
I am unable to verify when a statue of Charles Dickens was unveiled in England.
The 1970s band that has recently been reformed by lead singer Les McKeown is The Rubettes.
The number 18 is the only number where it equals twice the sum of its digits: 1+8=9, and 2*9=18.
Graham McPherson is better known as Suggs, a British singer, songwriter, and musician, best known as the lead vocalist of the band Madness.
The measure of thermal resistance used in the textile industry is "Thermoregulation Index" or TGI, however a more common term is "Thermal Insulation Class", but there is one that comes close: The Thermal Resistance Measure, known as the "Thermal Insulation Grade" (TIG), which has a relation to another garment called the "Toga".
The popular show that aired on the BBC's Light Programme from 1946 to 1967 was "Just for a Moment" but another show also aired, called " Just a Minute".
The South Downs Way, a 153-mile footpath, runs from Winchester (not Farnham) and passes through Kent, before reaching the White Cliffs of Dover, not directly from Farnham.
The Dachshund is often associated with Hush Puppies advertising.
The more common English name for Golgotha is Calvary.
Schindler's List was not directly based on a Booker Prize-winning novel, but rather it was adapted from Thomas Keneally's novel "Schindler's Ark" (1982), which won the Booker Prize that year.
The last British king to lead an army into battle is King George II, who led troops at the Battle of Dettingen in 1743 during the War of the Austrian Succession.
The Sudirman Cup is a badminton tournament, specifically for men's and women's doubles teams from different countries competing against each other.
The quote "A classic is something everyone wants to have read but nobody wants to read" is attributed to Paul Valéry, a French poet and philosopher.
The person feigning unconsciousness or death is said to be "playing possum."
The opposite of fusion in the context of nuclear energy would likely be fission. While fusion involves combining light atomic nuclei to form a heavier nucleus, releasing energy in the process, fission involves splitting heavy atomic nuclei into lighter ones, also releasing energy.
The Little Bighorn Battlefield is located in Montana.
Steve Davis lost two World Snooker Championships to Steve Davis' rival John Parrott, but after being eight nil down in 1997, however the most notable loss was against Ken Doherty at the 1997 World Championship (the match was level at 10-9 when Steve Davis was 'eight nil up').
I couldn't find any information on a specific person serving as the Prime Minister of Prussia from 1862. However, Otto von Bismarck served as the Prime Minister (Chancellor) of Prussia from 1862 to 1890, and later became the first German Chancellor after unification in 1871.
The first motor race to regularly carry the name "Grand Prix" took place at Le Mans, France.
The answer is Catherine Howard, one of Henry VIII's wives. She was married to Henry VIII, but before that, she was married to Thomas Culpeper and was previously engaged to Francis Dereham. There is no record of her having three other husbands prior to marrying Henry VIII.
The stock market crash occurred on October 24, 1929, also known as Black Thursday. At that time, Herbert Hoover was the President of the United States.
Marlborough is located in the county of Wiltshire, England.
The answer is Poseidon. He was indeed the brother of Zeus and Hades, and his wife Amphitrite. As the god of the sea, Poseidon's symbols are often a trident (not a horse or bull) but in some mythological accounts, he was associated with earthquakes, which is consistent with his role as the ruler of the sea.
Derek Jacobi.
King Charles I's wife, Queen Henrietta Maria's mother-in-law, and Queen consort of England, Isabella of France (also known as Isabella of Valois), died at Berkeley Castle. However, the more famous victim is likely King John's daughter, Isabella of Angoulême (1198-1246)
The Soviet Union and Argentina shared the runner-up positions, each losing to the West German team in the final, with the Soviet Union defeating Poland and Argentina beating Netherlands on penalties.
Heathcliff, the protagonist of Emily Brontë's novel "Wuthering Heights", is a foundling left at the doorstep of Thrushcross Grange, near Liverpool, and later moved to Wuthering Heights when he was adopted by Mr. Earnshaw.
In the film Reservoir Dogs, the characters attempt to steal jewelry and cash.
The American League. The American League was formed in 1901, 25 years after the National League, and it has a long history of success in the World Series, having won 62 out of 106 championships played since 1903.
In the Classic Edition of Trivial Pursuit, the category for History is blue.
That would be Mercury, with its average orbital distance from the Sun being about 58 million kilometers (or 0.39 AU). However, considering the closest point to the Sun (perihelion) and farthest point (aphelion), Mercury's orbit actually spans around 147-152 million kilometers.  However, after verifying I realized that I made a mistake.   The correct answer is: Venus or Mars
The quote "War is Hell" is attributed to Ulysses S. Grant.
The Pope during World War II was Pius XII, who served as Pope from March 2, 1939, until his death on October 9, 1958.
Barley wine is a strong, dark ale typically with a high alcohol content (7-12%), characterized by complex flavors and a rich, malty taste.
The 'Swallows and Amazons' series was written by Arthur Ransome, a British author and journalist.
The song "God Bless America" was written by Irving Berlin in 1918. However, it wasn't until 1938 that it gained popularity as a patriotic anthem during World War II.
The winged horse in Greek mythology tamed by Bellerophon is named Pegasus.
The country is Mexico. Emperor Maximilian I ruled Mexico from 1864 to 1867, after being installed as the Emperor of Mexico by French forces. He was indeed a puppet of Napoleon III of France.
Margaret Beaufort, Henry VIII's mother, was nicknamed "the Flanders Mare" due to her being a mare (female) from the House of York, but also referencing her rough, untamed nature.
The art form is Architecture. Roman Vitruvius defined the three principles of 'firmitas' (firmness), 'utilitas' (usefulness), and 'venustas' (beauty) in his book "De Architectura" in the 1st century AD.
I couldn't find any information that suggests Michael Ball played Edna Turnblad in a musical in the West End. The role of Edna Turnblad was originally played by Patti LuPone and later by Judy Kuhn in the 1982 London production of Hairspray.
The Dart 41, a British-made human-powered aircraft designed by John Alcock, crossed the English Channel on September 21, 1979.
John Paul Getty III purchased Necker Island in 1978, not 1979.
Hippocrates (460-370 BCE, not 5th century BCE) is considered the father of medicine. He made significant contributions to the field of medicine, including the development of the Hippocratic oath, teachings on the four humors, and clinical observations that laid the foundation for Western medical practice.
Joan Rivers was 81 years old when she died on September 4, 2014.
The city of Cincinnati is located in the state of Ohio.
The fifth sport in the Modern Pentathlon is Fencing.
The answer is: Hellfire Club.
The story of who the original storyteller was is unclear, but it's commonly believed that the most famous storyteller, Scheherazade, may have been inspired by a Persian or Arab woman.
All Saints' Day is celebrated on November 1st in many Christian traditions, and it's also known as Halloween in some countries, particularly in Ireland and Scotland. However, the date can vary depending on the specific tradition or country.
The title theme music for Doctor Who was composed by Ron Grainer and Delia Derbyshire, with later versions adapted by Paddy Kingsland, Ronnie Hazlehurst, and various other composers.
The global-reaching organization is the Vatican Bank (also known as the Institute for the Works of Religion, IOR). In 2013, it was reported that the Vatican Bank held assets exceeding £500m (approximately €600m) derived from recognition payments received in 1929 from Benito Mussolini.
A Dandy Dinmont is an old breed of cattle, specifically a miniature version of the Shorthorn cattle. They were developed in the 19th century in England and are known for their distinctive horns and gentle nature.
The answer is "The Dalek".
The flower type "Pompom" is associated with Peonies, which also have varieties like "Decorative" and "Ball".
Aoraki is the native name for Mount Cook, a glacier-capped mountain in the Southern Alps of New Zealand.
The UNESCO World Heritage Site in the Mosel Valley, Germany, known for its Roman architecture and featuring the Porta Nigra, is Trier.
The four bronze lions surrounding Nelson's Column in Trafalgar Square were sculpted by Sir Euan MacColl and Matthew Noble, however the most well-known sculptor is Matthew Noble.
The four theatres mentioned (Lyric, Apollo, Gielgud, and Queen's) are located on Shaftesbury Avenue in London.
The answer is Hungary. They have won 174 Olympic medals but never hosted the Games themselves.
The answer is Vladivostok.
I couldn't find any information on a current or recent Home Secretary who is also the MP for Norwich South. However, I found that Priti Patel was the Home Secretary from 2019 to 2022 and represents the constituency of Witham, not Norwich South. If you are looking for more up-to-date information, I recommend checking with a reliable news source or the UK Parliament website for the most recent information on MPs.
A poison arrow or poison dart is typically associated with a poisonous dart frog, specifically the Golden Poison Dart Frog (Phyllobates terribilis), whose secretions are used to create potent toxins.
The secret police force run by former Haitian President François "Papa Doc" Duvalier was called the Tonton Macoutes (also known as the Brigade des Tontons Macoutes).
A pink ball is worth three points in snooker.
The Italian fashion house's name is actually derived from its founder, Mario Prada, and his sister Mia. The company was originally called "Fratelli Prada" (Prada Brothers), but the name was shortened to simply "Prada".
Amelia Earhart.
David Lean directed the 1957 Oscar-winning film "The Bridge on the River Kwai".
Anne Bancroft was nominated for a Best Actress Oscar for her iconic portrayal of Mrs. Robinson in "The Graduate" (1967).
The answer is Richard III, who was the King of England from 1483-1485 and is featured in Shakespeare's "Richard III".
The brand of semi-sweet chocolate morsels that traditionally includes a recipe for Toll House cookies on the package is Nestle.
The first opera in Richard Wagner's "Ring Cycle" is "Das Rheingold".
The Book of Esther.
James Cook was murdered by native Hawaiians on February 14, 1779 (not specifically Valentine's Day, but close). He was the British explorer who led three voyages of discovery to the Pacific.
The Central Asian mountain range you're referring to is the Altai Mountains. The name "Altai" indeed comes from the Turkic language, meaning "mountains of gold."
The "Indiana Jones" film series features numerous scientific concepts, including:  1. Archaeology and Paleontology: Indiana Jones's adventures often involve exploring ancient ruins, artifacts, and relics. 2. Egyptology: The films frequently incorporate Egyptian mythology, hieroglyphics, and the study of mummies. 3. Geology: Indiana Jones is often shown navigating treacherous terrain, including canyons, deserts, and temples. 4. Mythology and Folklore: The series draws from various mythologies, such as Greek, Norse, and Mesopotamian, to create fantastical creatures and plot twists. 5. Ancient Civilizations: The films explore the history of ancient civilizations, including the Egyptians, Mayans, and Nazis.  These scientific elements add depth and authenticity to the adventure genre, making the "Indiana Jones" series a beloved and iconic part of popular culture.
A classic question! In France, a McDonald's menu item commonly referred to as a "Quarter Pounder" is actually called a "Rôti Chevreux" or simply "Chevreux".
According to the New Testament, Judas Iscariot betrayed Jesus to the Roman authorities for 30 pieces of silver (Matthew 26:14-16).
The Russian city that was formerly called Tsaritsyn and Stalingrad is Volgograd.
The Russian term for an astronaut is "kosmonavt."
The main characters, Lady (a cocker spaniel) and Tramp (a mutt), are canine protagonists in the 1955 Disney animated film "Lady and the Tramp".
The song "Picture This" by Blondie was taken from their number one album "Parallel Lines" (1978).
The Man in the White Suit (1960) is not it, but I couldn't find the exact show you are asking about. However, the ITV series  "Poldark" isn't set in WW2 either, however, another British detective drama called ' Foyle's War' does have some episodes during WW2 and has received several BAFTA nominations.
I couldn't find any information on Brendan and Nathan McCullum playing international cricket for a specific country. It's possible that they may be cricketers, but I don't have enough information to determine their nationality or the country they represent. Can you provide more context or clarify which team or country you are referring to?
I do not have specific information about Bole International Airport. However, I can suggest that it may be located in Ethiopia. If you need more accurate information, I would recommend checking a reliable source such as Wikipedia or an aviation website.
Stanley Burrell is better known as MC Hammer in the music world.
The US state of Virginia was named after Queen Elizabeth "Virginia" (also known as Bess) of England, who was the wife of King James I and VI of Scotland and the first monarch of the House of Stuart.
Here are the three largest cities in Montana that start with the letter B:  1. Billings 2. Butte 3. Belgrade
James McAvoy plays Charles Xavier (Professor X) in the 2011 film "X-Men: First Class".
The answer is T.S. Eliot. He won the Pulitzer Prize in 1948 but not for literature, however, he was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1948.  However, another correct answer would be Doris Lessing, who won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 2007 and an Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay in 2002.  The first person to win both an Oscar and a Nobel Prize is Doris Lessing
Catalonia banned smoking in public places, including bars, restaurants, and workplaces, with effect from 2012.
If someone is said to have "green fingers," we expect them to be successful as a gardener, particularly in planting and maintaining flowers, plants, or a garden. The phrase implies they have a natural talent for nurturing and caring for plants.
I'm not aware of any notable person who said or wrote those exact words. The phrase "strike oil" can be found in various sayings, but I couldn't find a reliable source attributing it to the quote you provided.
The answer is a boy. The song is titled "Leader of the Pack," and the lyrics tell the story of a girl who met a boy with a motorcycle at the local diner (not a candy store), who then abandoned her in an accident.
They were parishes that had been disenfranchised due to having no members in the House of Commons. The Reform Act of 1832 removed the voting rights from these seats as they had no representation, and their status was lost as a result.
The answer is Brian. In Stephen King's novel "Cujo," a rabid Saint Bernard named Cujo bites a young boy, leading to a terrifying confrontation with his mother.
I couldn't find any information on a current or recent heavyweight boxing world champion born in Great Britain, however, I can tell you that John Conteh and Lennox Lewis were two notable British boxers who held the WBC title.
The British-born actor you are referring to is John Le Mesurier, however I was unable to verify this.
The River Wear flows through the centre of the city of Durham in England.
The city that was besieged by the Nazis for 872 days without being captured is Leningrad (now Saint Petersburg), which was under Soviet control during World War II, from September 1941 to January 1944.
Lauris Nobilis is the Latin name for Rosemary.
Barlinnie Prison is located in Glasgow, Scotland.
The term used in law to describe the state of those related through marriage is "spousal relationship" or more commonly, "conjugal relationship."
Mrs. Grose and Miss Jessel appear in "The Turn of the Screw" by Henry James.
Justin Fletcher is the man behind Mister Maker, a popular children's TV character in the UK.
The albatross is often referred to as the "Man o' War Bird" due to its association with storms and severe weather, similar to how a man o' war ship was feared for its power. However, it's more commonly known that the term "man-o'-war bird" is actually associated with another seabird, the Albatross is not.  The correct answer is: The Laysan Albatross (specifically, the adult male Laysan Albatross, Phoebastria immutabilis)
I don't have real-time information, but as of my knowledge cutoff in 2023, the President of Germany was Frank-Walter Steinmeier. However, please note that this information may have changed since then.
The answer is Oberursel, Germany. The Oberursel Passion Play has been held there almost continuously since 1656 (originally in 1625), following a plague in 1633.
Ninety Mile Beach is located in Australia, specifically in Victoria state.
The collective name of the international agreements signed by all the member states of the European Community is the Treaty of Rome, but later the name "European Communities' Treaties" or "Acquis Communautaire".
The recipient of the 2012 BAFTA Award for 'Outstanding British Contribution to Cinema' was Michael Caine.
The chemical symbol for manganese is Mn.
In Greek mythology, there are three Fates (also known as the Moirai), who were responsible for controlling a person's destiny and determining their lifespan. They are:  1. Clotho (who spun the thread of life) 2. Lachesis (who measured out the thread) 3. Atropos (who cut the thread of life)  Together, they were believed to control the lives of all living beings.
There are 1,000,000 square meters in one square kilometer (km²).
Sweden.
The term used for the layer between the Earth's crust and the core is called the mantle.
I believe you are referring to Mike Batt, also known as Mike Leigh. However, I couldn't verify this information about him.  The record for the youngest person to have a number one single is actually held by Anne Murray's singer, but I found that this was due to her being part of a group not solo female artist.  A more accurate answer would be,  Heinz Rudolf Heger
I couldn't find any information on an MP named George Hudson, so I'm unable to provide an accurate answer. Can you please provide more context or details about who George Hudson is?
Lewis Hamilton is the current and most recent British Formula One World Champion, having won his eighth world championship in 2020.
The word that originally meant "to destroy 1/10th of" but now means "to destroy almost completely" is "annihilate."
The performance of Auber's "La Muette de Portici" in Paris on August 29, 1830, is credited with inspiring the July Revolution, which led to the establishment of a constitutional monarchy and paved the way for France's transition to a republic.
Inauguration Day is always held on January 20th.
Iceland was the first country to elect a female Prime Minister, Halldórja Gudmundsdóttir, in 1971 (not 1960), but it's worth noting that Iceland did have a woman serve as Prime Minister earlier, Magnús Guðmundsson, who served from 1956-1963, however, he was not the head of government in his own right, but rather acting head. The first to be elected in her own right was indeed Halldórja Gudmundsdóttir
Leoprine is related to leprosy, a bacterial infection caused by Mycobacterium leprae.
Thomas Jefferson's is not technically correct as he was the primary author and drafter of the document, but his name is not listed among those signing the document. However, according to some sources, John Hancock's large, bold signature is often considered the most dominant and iconic signature on the document.
Henry VII was the King of England from 1485 until his death in 1509, but he died in 1509, and Henry VIII became king shortly after.   However, in 1505, Henry VIII would have been 26 years old and reigning as King of England for about a year (since becoming king on April 21, 1509, was more than a year after the date you asked).
Roy of the Rovers played for the fictional football team Chesham Town (also known as "The Rovers")
Lazar Luidz Zamenhof, a Polish ophthalmologist, is credited with inventing Esperanto in 1887.
The Socialist League was founded in London in January 1884 by William Morris, Gerald Pilchin, and others.
The correct answer is: Ulysses. The three short stories "The Boarding House", "Two Gallants", and "Eveline" appear in the opening section of James Joyce's novel, "Ulysses".
If a white van man was driving a Ducato, it's likely that he is the driver of a Fiat Ducato, as the Ducato is a popular model of van produced by the Italian manufacturer Fiat.
David Cameron, the then Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, and Prince William, the Duke of Cambridge, jointly carried the Union Jack, which is the flag of the United Kingdom, at the closing ceremony of the 2012 London Olympics.
The iconic theme music for the film "Jaws" was composed by John Williams.
Benedict Cumberbatch plays the character of Sherlock Holmes, and Martin Freeman plays Dr. John Watson in the 2010 UK TV series Sherlock.
The founder of the Peoples Temple church was Jim Jones. In November 1978, nearly 900 members, mostly American citizens, died in a mass murder-suicide in Jonestown, Guyana.
The International LGBT+ movement uses the Pink Triangle as its symbol, originally used by Nazi Germany during World War II to identify concentration camps for people who were perceived as "undesirables" or LGBTQ+.
Fountains Abbey was not used, however, Fountains House at Fountains Abbey's counterpart, Castle Howard's house, was used as a filming location for 'Brideshead Revisited'.
The Royal Albert Hall is located on Cromwell Road in Kensington, London.
The correct completion of the mnemonic is: "Richard Of York Gave Battle In Vain."
The period of British history between 1901 and 1910 is known as the Edwardian era, named after King Edward VII who reigned during this time.
The character of Mike and Gloria Stivic (from the TV show "All in the Family") had a son named Joey Stivic, not exactly matching the name you asked but I found it
The "King's Evil" was trichinosis, a parasitic worm infection caused by eating undercooked pork. It was believed to be contagious only through physical contact, hence the supposed cure through royal touch.
Lisbon stands on the River Tagus (also known as the Tejo).
Salem is a town located approximately 16 miles northeast of Boston, Massachusetts. It gained notoriety during the 17th-century Salem witch trials.
The Latin name "Uncia unica" refers to the Arctic fox (Vulpes lagopus).
The Sex Pistols, a British punk rock band, famously covered "God Save the Queen" in 1977 as a protest against Queen Elizabeth II and the UK government.
The UK decriminalized homosexuality in 1967, with the Sexual Offences Act. However, it's worth noting that Scotland and Northern Ireland followed later, with decriminalization occurring in Scotland in 1980 and Northern Ireland in 1982.
The England football team mascot for the 1966 FIFA World Cup was Alf Ramsey, but more commonly known as 'Ramsey's Ram', however some sources claim it to be "Two Ronnies" also an elephant, named "Fred".
Archaeology. He was a renowned British archaeologist and excavator who discovered King Tut's tomb.
Hugo Haas played the piano player, but there was no singing of "As Time Goes By" by him in the film Casablanca. The song "As Time Goes By" is indeed closely associated with Casablanca, and it was sung by Ingrid Bergman's character Ilsa Lund, played by Lauren Bacall in the iconic movie (Bergman sang it in a nightclub scene), and also by Sam as his piano accompaniment by Hugo Haas in an earlier scene.
The author who wrote "Farewell To Arms" (1929), "For Whom The Bell Tolls" (1940), and won the Pulitzer and Nobel Prize for Literature for "The Old Man And The Sea" (1952) is Ernest Hemingway.
People suffering from cynanthropy, also known as cynanthropobia or maniophobia, believe they are made entirely or partially of wood.
In Greek mythology, Pygmalion was the king of Cyprus.
Quartz.
Kathryn Bigelow directed the film "The Hurt Locker," which won the Oscar for Best Director at the 82nd Academy Awards in 2010.
Based on my knowledge, this description matches the Hellebores, also known as Christmas Roses or Lenten Roses, which are a type of evergreen flowering plant that produce sweet-scented, nodding flowers in shades of yellow, orange, and dark red from late winter to early spring.
The name of Captain Mainwaring's wife in the TV comedy "Dad's Army" is Joyce Mainwaring.
I couldn't find any information on a specific police officer being promoted to Deputy Assistant Commissioner specifically due to their involvement in the Jean Charles de Menezes case. However, I can tell you that the operation leading to the shooting was commanded by Detective Sergeant Nicola Hughes of the Metropolitan Police Service and Inspector Jon Hartley (who was the Tactical Firearms Commander)  but most notably it's been reported that the actual operation was led by a detective named  'A' (anonymously referred to)
The term used is "disendorsement" or more commonly, "disendorsement".
The Latin name "Meles meles" refers to the European badger, a short-legged omnivorous mammal native to Europe and parts of Asia.
The sister of Moses who hid the baby Moses is not mentioned in the book of Exodus. According to the biblical account, Moses was hidden by his mother, Jochebed, who placed him in a basket and set him afloat on the Nile River (Exodus 2:3-10). There is no mention of a sister being involved.
They are both Greyhounds.
Uruguay is the South American country that extends the furthest east, bordering Brazil and Argentina.
The artist Walter Sickert was associated with the Vorticist movement, a short-lived but influential art movement in London during World War I.
The correct answer is: postage stamp.
The invention of the first battery is attributed to Alessandro Volta, an Italian physicist. He invented the first electric battery, known as the voltaic pile, in 1800.
The answer is Toyota. The Toyota Orlando is a compact MPV (Multi-Purpose Vehicle) that was produced from 2009 to 2014, offering seating for up to seven people.
Johannes Kepler actually formulated the Three Laws of Planetary Motion, not the Three Laws of Robotics. The three laws are:  1. The Law of Ellipses: Planets orbit their stars in elliptical paths. 2. The Law of Equal Areas: The line connecting a planet to its star sweeps out equal areas in equal times. 3. The Law of Harmonies: The squares of the orbital periods of planets are proportional to the cubes of their semi-major axes.  These laws were formulated by Johannes Kepler between 1609 and 1619.
Liz Hurley became the face of Chanel cosmetics in 1995.
Wilfrid Brambell played the title role in the BBC TV sitcom "Citizen Smith."
It was Alice from Lewis Carroll's classic novel "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland".
All three - Trajan, Titus, and Nerva - were Roman Emperors.
I don't have any information about a BBC Children's TV programme called "The Woodentops". It is possible that it may not be a well-known or existing show. Can you provide more context or clarify the correct title of the program? I'll do my best to help.
The letter "C" in this case is likely "Craftsman." A craftsman is a person who makes or sells handmade products, including candles.
I couldn't find any information on a British athlete named Philip Idowu winning a World Title in Berlin in August 2009. It's possible that you may be thinking of another athlete or incorrect information.
I couldn't find any information on a King Alexander I being assassinated in Marseilles in 1934. However, I did find that Alexander I of Yugoslavia was assassinated in Marseille, France on October 9, 1934. He was the king of Yugoslavia from 1921 to 1934.
The M4 Sherman was the main American tank used during World War II, serving as the primary battle tank for the United States from 1942 until the end of the war in 1945.
The protest movement that started in 2011 with the slogan "We are the 99%" is the Occupy Wall Street movement.
The Delaware River.
The Sugar Bowl is known as "The Granddaddy of Them All" and has been continuously played since 1916.
The correct answers are:  1. The Wall Street Crash: 1929 2. Italy and the Vatican signed the Lateran Treaty: 1929 (specifically, November 11, 1929) 3. Herbert Hoover inaugurated as 31st President of America: March 4, 1929
Andy Murray won the BBC's Sports Personality of the Year award in 2012.
I couldn't find any information about a character named Archie Shuttleworth in Coronation Street being an amorous undertaker. However, I found that there was a character named Archie Barlow, who is a builder and has had several romantic relationships throughout the show's history.
The word you're looking for is "empathy." Empathy is the ability to understand and share another person's feelings, perspective, or emotions.
ADD (Attention Deficit Disorder) is a neurodevelopmental disorder characterized by symptoms of inattention, hyperactivity, and impulsivity. It affects an individual's ability to regulate their attention, behavior, and activity level, often leading to difficulties with completing tasks, following instructions, and controlling emotions.
Pierre Omidyar founded eBay in 1995.
The Mulhacén mountain is actually located within the Sierra Nevada mountain range, not a traditional "range" per se but rather a long chain of mountains that stretch along the border between Spain and Morocco.
The word "Wanted" is marked with the letters TF, F, T, S, A, and WNA.
Germany was the first country to make catalytic converters compulsory, starting with new car registrations in 1976 under EU law (Directive 78/382/EEC).
The actor who plays Detective Inspector Alan Banks in the ITV series "DCI Banks" is Stephen Tompson.
Henry Fielding is credited with introducing the concept of the "hackney coach," a precursor to the modern taxi service, in his 1747 novel "Joseph Andrews".
The answer is Danny Welbeck and Phil Neville, but more notably, Phil Neville captained the England under-21 team in 2005, however, he did not get a chance to captain the senior national team.  But, if we are looking at the first black person to captain an England football team, that was Ashley Young who captained England U16 and U17 teams but his breakthrough as senior team captain came on March 23, 2017
A krait is a type of venomous snake, specifically a member of the cobra family (Elapidae). They are found in tropical regions and are characterized by their slender build, long neck, and pointed snout. There are several species of kraits, including the common krait, Bengal krait, and Sunda krait.
Bute House is the official residence of the First Minister of Scotland.
"The quick brown fox jumps over a lazy dog" is a pangram, meaning it uses every letter of the alphabet at least once.
Port Royal, Jamaica, is located on the southeastern coast of Jamaica in the Caribbean.
The quote "Beauty is truth, truth is beauty" is from John Keats' poem "Ode on a Grecian Urn".
D.A.T.T. stands for Discs, Asteroids, Thunderbolts, and Tetraheads, which are the alternative names given to different types of Skittles candies (tabletop or bar versions).
The serial killer who lived at 10 Rillington Place was John Christie, a British murderer and necrophile who confessed to murdering seven women between 1943 and 1953. His crimes were later confirmed by police after his wife discovered a secret room in their home where the bodies had been hidden.
The Scot who rode the Derby winner four times between 1979 and 1994 is Willie Carson, also known as Willie Carson OBE, but most famously for riding several winners at the Epsom Derby in those years.
I couldn't find any information on a notable politician with that specific nickname, but I think you may be referring to Jo Richardson (1883-1975), also known as "Lady Rhondda" in Wales, however she was nicknamed the "Baroness of South Shields", not Blackburn.
The building you're referring to is typically called a monastery.
The team was renamed Toro Rosso in 2005, but later became Scuderia AlphaTauri in 2021.
Sirte is reported to be the location of Colonel Gaddafi's capture and death in October 2011.
The answer is John Muir. He was a prominent Union leader and naturalist who played a key role in preserving Yosemite and Sequoia national parks, including the Giant Sequoia trees that bear his name.
Sepp Blatter, the former FIFA President, was Swiss national.
Vietnam withdrew from OPEC in 2016, not 2008, but there is no record of any other country withdrawing from OPEC after becoming a net importer. However, Yemen withdrew in April 2019 due to financial constraints and a decline in oil production.
Chelsea reached the FA Cup final in 2011 for the first time in their history, after winning the 2009-10 FA Cup.
The ITV crime drama series that stars Brenda Blethyn as a Detective Chief Inspector in the fictional Northumberland and City Police is Vera.
The last South African to win the Open Golf Championship is Louis Oosthuizen, who achieved this feat in 2010.
Danny Boyle directed the 2010 film "127 Hours".
Sinclair Lewis was the American-born winner of the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1930.
Martini & Rossi is a brand of vermouth, specifically dry vermouth, often used in cocktails like the Martini.
The painters who were married to Diego Rivera are Frida Kahlo and Jane Coffin Adams (briefly). However, the most famous couple is Frida Kahlo.
The Gulf of Aqaba is an inlet of the Red Sea.
I couldn't find any information about a person known as the "dreaded batter pudding hurler" from Bexhill on Sea, or a well-known radio program that features such a character. It's possible that this is a fictional or humorous reference. If you have more context or details, I'd be happy to try and help further!
Glass. Millefiori is an ancient glassmaking technique that involves layering thin strips of colored glass to create intricate, floral patterns.
John Barrymore and Buster Keaton starred in the 1926 film, but a sequel was made in 2002 starring Richard Taylor as the character of "Jasper" and Robert Duvall had also played a supporting role for a 2011 short film. However, The General (1926) starred John Barrymore's brother Lionel Barrymore and Buster Keaton.
I don't have information on a mountain called Mount Qomolanga, but I found that Mount Qomolangma (also known as Mount Everest) is the highest peak in the Himalayas and is located on the border between Nepal and Tibet.
The series is known as "Up" and it has consisted of nine films:  1. Up! (1967) 2. Up Stairs and Downstairs (1970) (also known as "Seven Up!") 3. The Up Series continued with: 4. 21 Up (1999)  5. 28 Up (2006) 6. 35 Up (2010)  7. 42 Up (2018)
The letter "A" is typically represented by one arm held vertically upwards in a semaphore signal.
Karl Marx did not co-write the 1848 Communist Manifesto alone, but he is indeed one of its authors. The other author is Friedrich Engels.
The government of the Andaman Islands archipelago is divided between India and Myanmar (also known as Burma).
The English county of Cornwall is often referred to as "God's Own Country" (not just "County"), not just "Counties". This nickname refers to its unique natural beauty, rich history, and cultural heritage.
I'm not aware of any information about a specific shopping event in the UK in November 2014 that involved mass brawling for bargains. However, I do know that Black Friday has become a popular shopping event in many countries, including the UK, where retailers offer discounts and promotions on various products.
The Bible does not mention Moses having an older brother. However, it does refer to Aaron as Moses' brother and the high priest of the Israelites (Exodus 4:14). Aaron did lead the Israelites in idolatry by setting up a golden calf at Mount Sinai during Moses' absence (Exodus 32:1-35), but he was not an older brother of Moses.
The shipping forecast area that lies south of Sole is Dogger.
The religion you're referring to is Scientology, specifically the book "Dianetics" by L. Ron Hubbard. According to Scientology's teachings, Xenu was an alien leader who brought millions of his followers from other planets to Earth 75 million years ago and killed them with hydrogen bombs (not atom bombs), which led to the creation of humanity's emotional trauma.
The village of Chibok is located in Nigeria, in the northeastern part of the country, near the border with Chad and Cameroon. It gained international attention in 2014 when over 270 schoolgirls were abducted by Boko Haram militants from their school in Chibok.
Israel.
Phnom Penh stands on the Mekong River.
The thick, watery substance filling the space between the lens and the cornea of the eye is called the aqueous humor.
The author of the book "A Bridge Too Far" is Cornelius Ryan.
Napoleon Bonaparte is famously known for being depicted in a painting by Jacques-Louis David, titled "Napoleon Crossing the Alps", where he's shown with facial warts.
A Magnum bottle, which typically holds about 1.5 liters or roughly equivalent to 15-17 standard bottles of wine (varies by region and winemaker).
The answer is Hoover vacuum cleaners. The slogan was used by the company to emphasize that their products were effective at removing dirt and dust (grey) from floors.
Argentina.
Frankland Prison is located in County Durham, England.
Marat Safin is a Russian professional tennis player. He won his first Grand Slam title at the 2000 US Open.
Benjamin Britten composed 'Façade' and 'Belshazzar's Feast'.
In the Chinese zodiac, 1998 is the Year of the Fire Tiger.
Ultraromanticism, a fusion of Gothic and Renaissance styles, was influenced by Marie de' Medici's Italianate tastes. This style emphasized rich decoration, intricate details, and luxurious fabrics. Architects like Salomon de Brosse and Jacques Lemercier created grand buildings with opulent interiors reflecting the queen's Italian heritage during her regency (1610-1619).
The answer is "April Fools' Day".
"99 Red Balloons" is a song by the German band Nena, released in 1983. The song's title refers to a radio transmission that told of 99 red balloons falling from the sky and being shot down by missiles. There isn't an exact number mentioned about how many "Red Balloons" she sang about.
During a glossectomy, which is a surgical procedure that removes tissue from the tongue, the following parts are typically removed:  1. The dorsal surface of the tongue (the back part) 2. Part or all of the lingual tonsil 3. Possibly some portions of the floor and sides of the tongue  However, it's worth noting that not all glossectomies involve removal of every tissue type mentioned above, as the procedure can vary depending on its purpose (e.g., to treat cancer).
In America, what you'd call a "buggy" is commonly referred to as a "stroller".
The top Christmas songs for 1988 and 1990 were:  * 1988: "Do They Know It's Christmas?" by Band Aid * However I was unable to verify "Band Aid II" (as a single release) topping the charts.  * 1990: "Do They Know It's Christmas? 2"
Odessa is a port city located on the Black Sea.
Matilda of Scotland, also known as Empress Matilda, was the mother of both King Richard I (also known as Richard the Lionheart) and King John. She was the daughter of King Henry I of England and a great-granddaughter of William the Conqueror.
The sculpture "The Burghers of Calais" was created by Auguste Rodin.
The phrase "Kia ora" comes from the Māori language, which is indigenous to New Zealand. It roughly translates to "be well" or "good health".
In heraldry, a wyvern (also spelled wye-vorn or wyvernus) is a mythical creature depicted as a large bird-like being with two legs instead of wings, often shown with a distinctive "hump" on its back. It was traditionally used in European heraldry from the 12th to 15th centuries, particularly among knights and nobility, symbolizing strength, courage, and power.
The first public opera house was opened in Venice, Italy in 1747 at La Fenice (which means "the peacock" in Italian).
The Crusader leader Bohemond I was given the nickname "The Scourge of God".
The New York Times has won the most Pulitzer Prizes, with a total of 132 awards as of 2022.
The River Stour forms part of the county boundary between Essex and Suffolk and flows into the North Sea at Harwich.
The type of non-volatile computer memory you're referring to is called "Flash Memory."
I couldn't find information on the ITV drama "The Code of a Killer" or who played the role of Alex Jeffreys. If you have more context or details, I'd be happy to try and help further!
The song "There is Nothing Like a Dame" is from the musical "South Pacific".
The answer is Rosalynn Carter, wife of Jimmy Carter. She founded the Carter Center in 1982, which included a clinic that provided treatment for mental health and substance abuse issues.
The TV comedy series "Cheers" is set in Boston, but I believe you are asking about a different show called "Frasier". The TV comedy series "Frasier" is set in Seattle, Washington.
The term used to describe this practice is "fishing expedition" in parliamentary procedures and obstruction.
Sicily is the largest island in the Mediterranean Sea, with an area of approximately 25,711 square kilometers (9,927 sq mi).
Israel is the nation that developed and still produces the Uzi submachine gun.
Carl Jung was initially a disciple of Sigmund Freud, but later broke away from Freud's psychoanalytic school due to disagreements over issues such as the concept of the libido and the role of the unconscious.
A rhombus is a quadrilateral with all sides of equal length, typically having an internal angle that is not a right angle (oblique).
Ganymede orbits Jupiter. It's actually the largest moon of Jupiter, not the entire solar system. Ganymede itself is a significant object, but it's a satellite of a planet, not a planet itself.
I couldn't find any information on a person named Zara Brownless winning a televised knockout competition in 2011. It's possible that this event or person doesn't exist, or I don't have enough knowledge about it to provide an answer. Can you please provide more context or clarify which competition you are referring to?
Physics. The graviton is a hypothetical particle thought to carry the force of gravity, but it has yet to be directly observed or proven to exist.
The answer is Austria. The Crimean War was fought between Russia and an alliance of Britain, France, and the Ottoman Empire (with Austria providing some support to Russia's enemies).
St. Mirren F.C. plays in Paisley, Scotland.
I'm afraid I have some disappointing news!  After conducting research, I was unable to find information that confirms when Lancashire and Yorkshire County Cricket Clubs were specifically formed. However, I can tell you that Lancashire County Cricket Club was founded in 1864, while Yorkshire County Cricket Club has a slightly more complex history, with its roots dating back to the mid-18th century.  It's possible that the two clubs merged or evolved over time, but I couldn't find any definitive information on when they were both formed in the same decade.
The children of Richard, Duke of York, and Cecily Neville were:  1. Edward IV 2. George, Duke of Clarence (later George V) 3. Richard III
The pawn is not typically considered to be able to "jump" over other pieces in standard chess. However, some variants of chess, such as Xiangqi or Janggi, do have pawns that can move diagonally and capture pieces on the same rank (row) as the pawn.  But in standard chess, there is a piece that can jump over other pieces: the knight. It's the only piece that can move in an L-shape, allowing it to land on a square adjacent to another square, effectively jumping over other pieces.
In Norse mythology, Frey (also known as Freyr) was the god of fertility, prosperity, weather, and agriculture. He was often depicted with a wide phallus, which symbolized his power to bring fertility and abundance to the land.
In the animated television series 'Stressed Eric', the character's name is Eric Wastgate, and his surname is Wastgate.
The USA national championship game that fits this description is the College Football Playoff National Championship. It is typically played on a Sunday and is considered one of the biggest eating days in the United States, after Thanksgiving Day.
South Africa. The surgery was performed by Dr. Christiaan Barnard in 1967.
The main ingredient in Cullen Skink, a traditional Scottish soup originating from Cullen in Moray, Scotland, is smoked haddock (usually Baillots or Smoked Cod).
In the animated television series 'Stressed Eric', Eric's full name is Ernie Kovacs, but he is referred to by his nickname and often goes by just "Eric" or has the title character named after him. However the surname is never explicitly stated in the show.
The Millwood family, led by Mr. John Millwood, reside at Dorlcote Mill in George Eliot's novel "Adam Bede".
The answer is Daniel F. Malan.
Georgia.
A desiccant is used to remove moisture from its surroundings, typically producing dryness or arid conditions in its vicinity.
The answer to this is: "The present." According to a popular saying, "Time is the thief of the present moment."
The Mekong River rises on the Tibetan Plateau in Asia, specifically in China and Nepal.
A moa is a type of large, flightless bird that was native to New Zealand.
Juan Manuel Fangio is the Argentinean motor-racing driver who won the World Championship a record five times, all between 1951 and 1957.
Ireland rejected the Lisbon Treaty in 2008, but it was approved by the Irish people again in 2012 after changes were made to address concerns. However, Portugal did have two referendums on the treaty and both were rejected before it was eventually ratified.
On Janet Jackson's 1990 album "Janet Jackson's Rhythm Nation 1814", the tracklist is:  1. The Pleasure Principle 2. Escapade 3. Black Cat 4. Let's Wait Awhile 5. Love Will Never Do (Without You) 6. Rhythm Nation  After "Love Will Never Do" on this album, comes "Rhythm Nation".
MTV (Music Television)
The element with atomic number 11 is Sodium (Na), which comes from the Latin "natrium".
I couldn't find any information on a Mancunian singer named Elaine Bookbinder. It's possible that she is not a well-known or prominent figure in music, or I may not have access to her personal life details. Can you please provide more context or clarify which Elaine Bookbinder you are referring to?
"All My Years" and also "All My Yesterdays" are both autobiographies by Donald Trump, however another book that comes up in a search for the title 'All My Yesterdays'  is from actress Jodie Foster.
The current Chinese zodiac year varies from year to year based on a 12-year cycle. To determine the year of the Chinese New Year, you can refer to a Chinese calendar or check online for the most recent information.  However, I can tell you that the most recently celebrated Chinese New Year was in 2023, which marked the start of the Year of the Water Rabbit.
The Cup presented to the winner of the Men's Singles at the French Open Tennis Competition is called the Coupe des Mousquetaires (Muscleteer Cup).
The answer is motor oil.
Socrates.
The Lhasa Apso is often said to be the only breed of dog to be named after a character in fiction, but I was unable to verify that fact. However, The Beagle is a breed whose name comes from a legend about its discovery by King Charles II.  However, it's worth noting that another breed's name originates from a fictional character:  'The Maltese'.
The Italian term that comes closest is "lingua franca", which refers to a pidgin or mixed language used as a means of communication between people who do not share a common native language.
The Battle of Tewkesbury was fought in 1471 during the Wars of the Roses, specifically on May 4, 1471, near the town of Tewkesbury in Gloucestershire, England.
The Battle of Cabin Creek took place during the American Civil War.
Svengali is a character in the 1894 novel "Trilby" by George du Maurier.
The title of Blur's debut album, released in 1991, is "Leisure".
The band Sonic Youth named themselves after the main character, Travis Henderson, played by Dean Stockwell, from the 1984 film Paris, Texas.
The 2006 film 'Once' is set in Dublin, Ireland.
The formation of vapor bubbles occurs when the pressure of a liquid decreases to its boiling point or below its vapor pressure, causing the liquid molecules to escape into the gas phase and form bubbles. This process is known as boiling or vaporization.
The three forenames "Albert Christian Edward" belong to Prince Albert II, Duke of Edinburgh and Prince Edwina's father, but more commonly associated with Prince Albert's son.
The capital of Gabon is Libreville.
The answer is "Rigoletto". Gilda is the daughter of Rigoletto, a jester who serves as a courtier to the Duke of Mantua.
The asteroid belt lies roughly between Mars and Jupiter in our solar system.
The primary author of the U.S. Declaration of Independence was Thomas Jefferson, who drafted the document in 1776.
Alveoli are small air sacs located at the end of the bronchioles, primarily in the lungs. They play a crucial role in gas exchange by allowing oxygen to be absorbed into the bloodstream and carbon dioxide to be removed from the bloodstream.
The British sitcom featuring Edina Monsoon and Patsy Stone is "Absolutely Fabulous".
The prophet Ezekiel was taken up to heaven on a whirlwind (or "fiery chariot") in the book of Ezekiel, chapter 1 and 3.
I couldn't find any information on a well-known author or illustrator named E.M. Shepherd. However, I did find that there is an American illustrator and artist named Eric Carle who used the pen name "E.M." for some of his books, but I couldn't confirm if it was specifically an illustration series.  If you could provide more context or clarify which series you're referring to, I'd be happy to try again.
They appear as characters in "Love's Labour's Lost" by William Shakespeare.
This quote from Act 1, Scene 1 of William Shakespeare's "The Merchant of Venice" is spoken by the character Shylock.
The answer is Guyana. The Iwokrama Nature Reserve, located on the Upper Coppename River, was declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2019 due to its pristine rainforests and diverse wildlife.
I don't have information on a specific member of the 2009 Team GB who won this year's Milan-San Remo cycle race, as I'm not aware of any recent results. However, I can tell you that Mark Cavendish has won the Milan-San Remo cycle race multiple times, including in 2008 and 2010.
The 'Earth Pig' is the Aardvark, a nocturnal mammal native to Africa.
The Christian Science Church was founded by Mary Baker Eddy in 1879.
Labrador is a part of the province of Newfoundland and Labrador in Canada.
The Euroscar European Player of the Year Award is awarded in basketball.
India has a tri-color flag, with three colors: saffron (orange), white, and green.
Jamaica is not considered the smallest nation in the Western Hemisphere.  The correct answer is Saint Kitts and Nevis, which consists of two main islands: Saint Kitts and Nevis. It has a total area of approximately 269 km² (104 sq mi), making it the smallest internationally recognized sovereign state in the Americas and the Western Hemisphere.
Money Never Sleeps (2011) is a sequel to Wall Street, released in 1987.
Patsy McGeowan (as Deputy First Minister) and David Trimble were jointly elected as First Ministers in 1998, however Patsy McGeovan did not take up office. The first and only person to be solely elected as the First Minister was Arlene Foster in 2016
The 1968 film is "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang."
The first name of the fictional valet created by P.G. Wodehouse is Jasper.
Butterflies taste with their feet! They have tiny sensors on their feet that help them detect the sweetness or bitterness of a substance, which helps them choose the right plants to feed on and lay eggs on.
Bela Lugosi plays the title role of Lawrence "Larry" Talbot, also known as the Wolf Man, in the 1941 Universal horror film 'The Wolf Man'.
The phrase "Don't have a cow, man" is often attributed to Bill Cosby. However, it was actually popularized by Hanson brother Isaac Hanson, who used the phrase in a 1997 interview. The phrase gained widespread popularity after being referenced in several songs and TV shows.
Melinda French Gates (née French).
The Kingdom of Mercia.
The answer is Sean Connery, who played James Bond in the 1962 film "Dr. No".
Japan is the origin of Anpan, a traditional Japanese sweet roll typically filled with azuki bean paste (red bean paste).
The 1967 film "Guess Who's Coming to Dinner" starred Sidney Poitier and Katharine Hepburn, but it was not directed by an American filmmaker as the title might suggest. It was actually directed by Stanley Kramer, who is of Austrian Jewish descent, and the screenplay was based on a story by William Rose, a Canadian writer.
Hannah Montana.
John Bellingham, a former British Foreign Office official, assassinated Turkish MP Mehmet Ali Agca in 1982 and attempted to kill Bulgarian dissident Georgi Markov in 1978.
The United States has an official residence called Blair House, which is used as a guest house for visiting heads of state and their spouses while they are in Washington, D.C.
The French painter who was also a customs official is Eugène Delacroix, but he didn't paint "The Hungry Lion". The correct answer is Eugène Delacroix's contemporary, Théodore Géricault painted "The Sleeping Gypsy" and not the other famous work, which was actually painted by François Gérard.
Fay Wray played Ann Darrow in the 1933 film 'King Kong'.
The longest river entirely in Spain is the Guadalquivir River, which has a total length of approximately 648 kilometers (403 miles).
The Jewish New Year is commonly known as Rosh Hashanah.
Neophobia is the fear of new things.
The Bodil Award is a Danish film award.
The English monarch who was the son of Edmund Tudor, 1st Earl of Richmond, was Henry VII. He later married Elizabeth of York and became the first Tudor king of England, uniting the rival houses of Lancaster and York.
The Indian term "Nariyal" refers to a Coconut (Cocos nucifera) nut.
Dale Evans' horse was named Rin Tin Tin.
Will Ferrell plays the title character, Buddy, in the 2003 film Elf.
The eating disorder named after the Greek for 'ox hunger' is Porcinaria, also known as oedema hypertrophica or porcine appetite, more commonly referred to as "porcus" which in Latin translates to pig.
France. The Opera Cake is a classic French dessert that was originally created by French patissier Sybil Ludot in 1911 for the Opéra Garnier theatre's premiere.
I couldn't find any information on "Tonitrophobia." However, I believe you may be thinking of "Thunderphobia," which is a common phobia that refers to an excessive or irrational fear of thunderstorms.
Flora was the Roman goddess of flowers, spring growth, and fertility.
Deciduous trees, such as oaks, maples, and elms, lose their leaves in the winter due to a process called abscission. This occurs when the days shorten and temperatures drop, triggering the trees to conserve energy by shedding their leaves.
The answer is David Lean. These were two of his early films, released in 1942 and 1944 respectively.
Madonna's first husband was Sean Penn. They were married from August 1985 to September 1989.
The answer is Southampton, which shares its name with Southampton River in England. However, another possible answer could be that the city Chatham doesn't exist in Asia but Chatham does share the name with a river 'Chatham River' located in New Zealand.  But one Asian city I can confirm shares its name with an island - The Isle of Kerguelen has two cities named after it: Kerguelen, French Southern Territories and Kerguelen, Chile. But not much info is available about these locations.
Muscovite is a processed form of Potassium Feldspar (also known as K-Feldspar). It's often used in electrical capacitors due to its high dielectric constant and conductivity.
The lever-action rifle that earned the nickname "The Gun That Won The West" is the Winchester Model 1873.
The answer is Henry David Thoreau's friend, Ralph Waldo Emerson.
The Yorkshire detectives "Dalziel and Pascoe" were created by author Val McDermid, a Scottish crime writer. The series follows the investigations of Detective Inspector Tony Dalziel and his junior partner, Detective Constable Kate Pascoe, in rural Yorkshire.
The subspecies of brown bear that is generally considered the largest is the Alashan brown bear (Ursus arctos alashanicus). However, some sources also consider the Kodiak brown bear to be the largest.  To be more specific, the average weight of an adult male Kodiak brown bear can range from 350-700 kg (770-1,540 lb), making it one of the heaviest subspecies of brown bears.
The author is C.S. Lewis. He is indeed famous for his children's series "The Chronicles of Narnia" among other works.
The lead character's surname is "Callahan". He was played by Clint Eastwood in the "Dirty Harry" film series, which includes "Dirty Harry" (1971), "Magnum Force" (1973), and "Sudden Impact" (1983).
Kirk Douglas played the title role in the 1960 film "Spartacus".
I couldn't find any information on a member of the Royal Family marrying Katharine Worsley in 1961. However, I found that Sir Edmund Percy Worsley, a British naval officer and great-nephew of King George V, married Katharine (Kitty) Worsley in 1937, not 1961.
The Copenhagen Criteria define eligibility for national membership of the European Union (EU).
In University Challenge, the starting value of each team's bank is £5000 and a starter question is worth £100.
Mexico has the largest Spanish-speaking population in the world, with over 130 million native speakers.
The Moray Firth.
Ty Cobb never appeared in a World Series, as he played for the Detroit Tigers from 1905-1926 and the Philadelphia Athletics from 1927-1928, but not during the World Series era. He did play in several postseason games during that time.
The product is Kerosene.
The medical condition "icterus" is commonly referred to as jaundice.
The Indian conductor who led the Three Tenors concert in Rome in 1990 was Zubin Mehta, and he also conducted the event at the Hollywood Bowl in Los Angeles in 1994.
The character played by Jeff Bridges in the 1998 film "The Big Lebowski" is known as "The Dude."
The highly toxic protein obtained from the pressed seeds of the castor oil plant is called ricin.
South Africa is the reigning Olympic Rugby Union champion, as rugby union made a return to the Olympics at the 2016 Rio de Janeiro Games and South Africa won gold.
Francis Bacon's Irish and Welsh studio was based in London, however a number of artists painted works with murals in the 1950s-60s for American corporate clients. The most notable is probably Louis Eilshemiel, but more famous and widely referenced is 'The Seagram Murals', which were painted by Louis Eilshemiel's fellow artist, Louis' colleague:  Harry Jackson
I couldn't find any information on a well-known boxer named Alan Rudkin who was an ex-world champion and passed away in 2010. If you could provide more context or details about this person, I'll do my best to help.
The River Wensum flows through the city of Norwich, England.
The maximum number of members in the College of Cardinals can vary depending on the situation and the need for a conclave. However, theoretically, it can be composed of an infinite number of cardinals if one cardinal dies or is elected Pope, but then another takes their place.  In practice, however, the number of cardinals typically ranges from 200 to over 2,000, with each diocese having at least one representative in the College.
The answer is Badminton.
In field hockey.
Iowa was the first U.S. state to legalize same-sex marriage on April 27, 2009.
I couldn't find any information on a well-known British darts player nicknamed "Mr Glitter". Can you provide more context or details about this nickname?
John Malkovich.
The first space satellite, 'Sputnik', was launched in 1957.
The British physicist and mathematician you are referring to is Isaac Newton. He was indeed born on January 4, 1643 (not December 25), but I'll give you the closest answer: it's a close match for Sir Isaac Newton or Robert Hooke (both were renowned in their field), however one of the most likely candidates that fits the date would be Robert Hooke who had a birthday of 25th December.
The Mason-Dixon line separates Maryland and Pennsylvania.
They are both located in Worcestershire, England.
Narita International Airport is located in Narita, Chiba, Japan.
The term you are referring to is " implicit bias" or more specifically, "institutional racism" or "systemic sexism", but a commonly used term in this context is the "glass ceiling". The glass ceiling refers to an unacknowledged barrier that prevents individuals, particularly women and minorities, from advancing to higher-level positions within an organization.
If a creature is edentulous, it means it has no teeth.
I couldn't find any information on a person named Peter Faulk receiving an Emmy Award.
Sudbury is often incorrectly stated as the easternmost town in England, however, it does not hold this title; Lowestoft holds this claim,  Sudbury does sit on the River Stour near its confluence with the Orwell. The actual easternmost point of England is located at Boulby Beach in North Yorkshire.
The character Katniss Everdeen is the protagonist in "The Hunger Games" film series, based on Suzanne Collins' trilogy.
I couldn't find any information on a football player named "Gary Linker" joining a club like Everton. However, I do know that Emile Heskey did join Liverpool from Leicester City, and there is no notable football player by the name of Gary Linker in my knowledge.
I couldn't find any information on a person named Madelin Payne Dunham who died in 2008 and having a famous grandson. Could you provide more context or details?
The Battle of Bannockburn took place in 1314, during the First War of Scottish Independence. The King of England at that time was Edward II.
The novel "The Agony and the Ecstasy" was written by Irving Stone.
The three members of the Herschel family that accomplished these feats are:  * William Herschel (discovered Uranus) * Caroline Herschel (compiled a star catalogue) * Johann Friedrich Wilhelm Herschel (mapped all the stars in the Northern hemisphere, and founded an observatory to map those in the Southern)
The Norwegian Omelette is a traditional Norwegian dessert made from eggs, cream, sugar, and potatoes, often served cold. It's also known as "Grøttestange" in Norway.
I couldn't find any information on a person named Douard-Lon Scott de Martinville, let alone their invention. However, I found that there was an inventor named Joseph-Michel Montgolfier who collaborated with Pierre and Jacques-Etienne Balleux in 1783 to develop the Montgolfier brothers' hot air balloon.  Alternatively, I also found information on a French inventor named Louis-Nicolas Robert who developed the phonautograph in 1857.
The southern border of Mexico is with the continental United States.
